Mary Kastner: Hello, Jenny.
Genevieve Crawford: Oh, good morning.
Good morning.
Mary Kastner: And point of clarity are you going to any of the groups are you planning on going to mental health group for
Genevieve Crawford: Thanks. They've changed the time so it's earlier.
Genevieve Crawford: Right, so
Genevieve Crawford: Yeah, I haven't been able to go and then I've been meeting with Sean, but last month or two weeks ago, I haven't worked. So talk to her, and I have made excellent
Mary Kastner: Okay, good. You have your next appointment with her.
Genevieve Crawford: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Because the last time I read it her note sounded like she was discharging so I was a little bit confuse so
Mary Kastner: Maybe she just
Genevieve Crawford: Put up parameters for
Mary Kastner: For discharge. I don't know what. But you're still seeing here. So I was okay with that because I want you in some kind of mental health group because
Mary Kastner: Klonopin is not the answer.
Genevieve Crawford: Yeah, I know.
Mary Kastner: And I don't want to see you. Keep going.
Mary Kastner: Taking that
Mary Kastner: So often, how often are you taking it now.
Genevieve Crawford: I mean taking it less. Oh, I probably still have like five or six quantifying okay
Mary Kastner: And so, how often do you think to take it.
Genevieve Crawford: probably once every two to three days.
Mary Kastner: Okay, once every two to three days.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, okay. And what determines when you take it.
Genevieve Crawford: I'm just, I feel like I have like a lot of anxious thoughts that are like flooding my mind and they're not enabling me to like
Genevieve Crawford: Kind of like move forward in terms of like what I'm doing, or my thoughts.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and you can't move forward without taking
Genevieve Crawford: I mean it, it's possible but and I've been like working on like not relying on it. Um,
Genevieve Crawford: So I wouldn't say like not to hit like prohibits me from moving forward. But I feel like it's an easier way to like kind of calm and re center myself when
Genevieve Crawford: I've been word
Mary Kastner: Okay, I
Genevieve Crawford: Like that.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, she teaching you in any way to center yourself.
Mary Kastner: With your thoughts.
Genevieve Crawford: On that something we talked about and she's in the meditations really good with that in my discussions with third been focusing on like
Genevieve Crawford: Are you figuring out what I want and need outside of work. Like if my entire life or balance.
Genevieve Crawford: And how to go about doing that.
Mary Kastner: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Meditation isn't going to work in the moment.
Mary Kastner: You know,
Mary Kastner: Yeah, so hopefully you know it's a daily practice so that you can not have the
Mary Kastner: Anxiety so often. Let's put it that way.
Genevieve Crawford: Yeah, I also wonder if it would make sense to increase the my dose of flops mean a little bit. So I've been on this dose for three months now and I definitely think that it's working. But I wonder if that may also like
Genevieve Crawford: Help Improve just like overall level of anxiety.
Mary Kastner: Yeah. Have you found it, you've had any kind of effect with it.
Genevieve Crawford: Um, I think, just like in general like social anxiety in some of those like habitual negative anxious thought lives that I have, like, particularly at night, have been a lot better. Okay. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, let me see what we can do with that.
Mary Kastner: What pharmacy, did you want to go to
Genevieve Crawford: I'll go to the one on University Avenue in Palo Alto today.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so it's Walgreens again.
Genevieve Crawford: Yes, Walgreens thing it's 300 University up now.
Mary Kastner: You know the zip code there.
Genevieve Crawford: And I think it's 9413 but I'm not 100% sure
Mary Kastner: I'm glad you specify
Genevieve Crawford: I didn't look it up really quick.
Genevieve Crawford: Okay, the zip code is nine four and three
Mary Kastner: Well, you just reverse some numbers up
Mary Kastner: Universe three Kendra University. Yeah. So tell us, each time, like you're doing
What pharmacy.
Mary Kastner: So, did you ever get that
Mary Kastner: Anxiety phobia workbook.
Mary Kastner: Did I ever talk to you about that.
Mary Kastner: If we lose audio.
Genevieve Crawford: Genevieve, I think. Hello. Do
Mary Kastner: We must have lost audio there for a minute.
Genevieve Crawford: Can you hear me. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: I can, can you hear me.
Genevieve Crawford: Yes. Okay. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Did I talk to you about that anxiety phobia workbook.
Genevieve Crawford: No, I didn't.
Mary Kastner: Okay, well there is such a thing. It's called the anxiety phobia workbook and
Genevieve Crawford: I'm working with the
Mary Kastner: Backup to actually
Mary Kastner: Offer a group do going to the exercises, but you can you can pick it up yourself and you're motivated and and go through those exercises.
Mary Kastner: Because
Mary Kastner: If you could do some of those things, prior to
Mary Kastner: You know, do those who try to ward off your anxiety versus take
Mary Kastner: Help. So what is your dose on fluvoxamine mean right now.
Genevieve Crawford: 50 milligram. Okay.
Mary Kastner: May increased by 50 every seven days to a max of 300. So do you want to go up to like 100
Genevieve Crawford: Yeah, I mean, that's a good idea.
Mary Kastner: Any side effects from it.
Genevieve Crawford: No only initially, but I think it's pretty much normal
Genevieve Crawford: Remember what you initially felt
Genevieve Crawford: Just like a little bit nauseous and like a little bit like sleepy. I'm just wondering, you're going up as
Mary Kastner: You can have an Aussie again. So just
Genevieve Crawford: Yeah, sure.
Genevieve Crawford: Okay.
Mary Kastner: So how's work going
Genevieve Crawford: Going well I've been working a lot recently. Whatever all like I've been here for six months now and anything like things are starting to come together, getting good feedback and feel like I'm learning a lot so overall I think
Genevieve Crawford: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, good, good, good.
Mary Kastner: Okay, one thing in the morning or in the evening.
Genevieve Crawford: In the morning
Mary Kastner: How's your sleep been
Genevieve Crawford: Like during the week I haven't been able to get quite as much as I would like. I'd probably get like six hours. So I tried to make up for it. I'm
Mary Kastner: Still getting but six hours of in on interrupted.
Genevieve Crawford: Yes. Okay.
Mary Kastner: And what's your weight.
Genevieve Crawford: I think I gained a little bit of weight.
Genevieve Crawford: I think I'm like that.
Genevieve Crawford: 131 35 yes in your
Top
Genevieve Crawford: Five Seven and a half.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: And can you take your pulse for me.
Genevieve Crawford: Not sure.
Mary Kastner: If you need a timer, let me know I can do that for you.
Genevieve Crawford: Yeah, can you time it
Mary Kastner: Yeah, if you can find it. You tell me when I'll
Mary Kastner: Start
Genevieve Crawford: 26 oh
Mary Kastner: Are you working out.
Genevieve Crawford: Really
Mary Kastner: That's good pulse of 52
Mary Kastner: So sleep. Wait appetite and pulse are important for me to get one I renew this Adderall.
Mary Kastner: And you taking it once or twice a day. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: And probably not so much on the weekend.
Genevieve Crawford: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: How is your appetite.
Genevieve Crawford: And it's been. I mean, it's definitely I have more appetite when I'm not taking it, but like I'm eating three meals a day and, like, making sure to eat healthy.
Genevieve Crawford: Okay. I think it's been solid. Okay.
Good.
Mary Kastner: And how's your mood today.
Genevieve Crawford: I'm a little bit tired but overall pretty bad. I have a lot of work ahead of me, but feel pretty centered. Okay.
Mary Kastner: So depression.
Mary Kastner: Number scale.
Genevieve Crawford: Out of 10, where would you rate that
Genevieve Crawford: Holy before
And anxiety.
Genevieve Crawford: Or okay
Mary Kastner: Any thoughts of hurting yourself or anybody else.
Mary Kastner: Focusing concentration has been pretty good.
Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Any problems physically
Genevieve Crawford: feeling like you're getting a flu or
Mary Kastner: Cold or in each of
Mary Kastner: Our heart rate problems.
Genevieve Crawford: I think I may be getting a cold if I just take a little bit of like running
Mary Kastner: And are you on any other medications.
Mary Kastner: So I have refilled Klonopin for box. I mean, and add around, you're going to still work on trying to get off of them arena.
Mary Kastner: But your mood is ok so I'm not as concerned about that as I had been
Genevieve Crawford: Yeah, I think, like, over time, just as they get like more established like a new city my job. I've been starting to feel like
Genevieve Crawford: Better. And I know it's all more work to do, but I feel pretty good about it. I mean, yeah.
I do too.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so that is what we need to do today. Any questions for me.
Genevieve Crawford: Know when would you like to see me next.
Mary Kastner: I gave you a three month supply the medications.
Mary Kastner: Plus a refill. So every six months for sure.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: And then you know the Adderall, they won't let me feel that launch the call and tell us when you need that.
Mary Kastner: One. So what's today. This is what January so probably in July.
Mary Kastner: And did you ever get any labs for me, looks like I never ordered any when's the last time you saw any any medical doctor
Genevieve Crawford: I'm probably do for like a physical I've used yeah since June.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, it's probably good idea
Mary Kastner: I just out of the blue wound up with a low RBC and so that just shocked me. So, I mean, this is stuff that sort of silent, you don't know about.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, so you might want to go and get some blood work done with primary care that can order things if you need anything, get a good physical
Mary Kastner: When's the last time you saw the dentists.
Genevieve Crawford: April.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so do you doing that pretty regularly.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, yeah. Okay. Okay, my dear.
Mary Kastner: Have a good day. And thanks for checking in. I'm glad you're working with shot.
Genevieve Crawford: Things. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Let me know if you have trouble finding that book.
Genevieve Crawford: Okay.
Genevieve Crawford: Um, because a lot of people
Mary Kastner: About it and if it's no longer published or something. I need to know
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Genevieve Crawford: Okay, you take care
Genevieve Crawford: Bye Bye bye.
Mary Kastner: Okay, that was Genevieve Crawford, Mr in
Mary Kastner: 2534
Mary Kastner: I would say, pretty much, same as the last visit same diagnoses.
Mary Kastner: She's here for medication refill. I need to see her to check on some
Mary Kastner: Target symptoms and also effective the medication and how often she's using especially
Mary Kastner: Using the
Mary Kastner: Ad around
Mary Kastner: So,
Mary Kastner: refilled her Klonopin increase your toolbox. I mean to 100 milligrams a day in the morning.
Mary Kastner: She's telling me she's taken the Klonopin one time, every two to three days when she has anxious thoughts.
Mary Kastner: That
Mary Kastner: Are flooding her have asked her to get the anxiety phobia workbook and work through that she's continuing to work with Sean
Mary Kastner: As far as her
Mary Kastner: HP I
Mary Kastner: She is getting she's four out of 10 and four out of 10 for anxiety and depression.
Mary Kastner: Sleep just actually gained weight and eating three meals a day.
And a pulse was 52
Mary Kastner: So as far as the mental status exam.
Mary Kastner: I would say it was pretty within normal limits.
Mary Kastner: She functional findings independent cognitive findings oriented food now effect.
Mary Kastner: Just slight depression, anxiety, pure stated age well groomed on our way to work. I wouldn't see hockey. It's very cheap her speech rate and buying recall hearing normal thought process appropriate for
Mary Kastner: Adequate our iOS. Only thing also since review what normal is that perhaps a little runny nose far as her diagnoses goes
Mary Kastner: Why don't have them listed here. My last note, but she has anorexia.
Mary Kastner: And bad is a history of anorexia and that is stable.
Mary Kastner: She today today.
Mary Kastner: She has obsessive compulsive disorder and it's she said she feels like she's less obsessive on the blue box that there was some benefit, she would like to increase it, and maybe that would assist with her not having to take the Klonopin as often and
Mary Kastner: As far as a specific phobia. She's doing better at work. So she's not so anxious about failure and
Why I'm not coming up with her diagnoses.
Mary Kastner: Those were the three that I was working off of
Mary Kastner: See if there's anything else that comes up.
Mary Kastner: In attention deficit hyperactivity disorder. We're going to continue to her at a while, cuz she's used judiciously.
Mary Kastner: I think those were the three oh anorexia and bulimia.
Mary Kastner: History of is stable actually improving
Mary Kastner: The OCD and specific phobia also stable and proving with a desire to move more
And
Mary Kastner: Order. Okay. Um, that's it for her. And thank you very much.
Mary Kastner: Good morning.
iPhone: Good morning.
Mary Kastner: Good morning. Can you hear me okay
iPhone: Yeah, I can hear you.
Mary Kastner: Okay, you're your ear Mason.
iPhone: Yes, yes. Did you go
Mary Kastner: A psych nurse practitioner.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, so
Mary Kastner: You go by Mason.
iPhone: Yes, and you have
Mary Kastner: Two last names right
iPhone: Yeah, hi.
Mary Kastner: hyphenated okay
Mary Kastner: Make sure I got the right person here.
Mary Kastner: We have trouble downloading some of your form. So I'm gonna take a look and see if they're in there and now
Mary Kastner: But why are you here today.
iPhone: I'm well I recently um in in late November I got sober and I went to a
iPhone: Rehab in
iPhone: Like Bayside Moran, and
iPhone: I left late like basically right the beginning of January, and they gave me a supply of Suboxone
iPhone: And also happened to was
iPhone: My insurance had cut me off because I was 26 and my birthday was the 27. And so I had
Mary Kastner: To find her.
iPhone: Yeah, and I had to figure that all out.
iPhone: And so I like rationed every thing that I could
iPhone: Yesterday I
iPhone: Like a quarter of a strip and that's what I've been doing for the past couple days, but now I'm completely out and yeah I'm just like,
iPhone: I, I feel like it really helps me
iPhone: Stay focused and and not you know tempted and
iPhone: You know, just like not
iPhone: Go down that path. And I just, it kind of worries. Now I want to have that there to help me through like this time, you know,
Mary Kastner: Okay, okay, I'm looking at your cures report you
iPhone: Also had
iPhone: I did, yeah.
Mary Kastner: Are you still using now.
Mary Kastner: No. Okay, I'm good. Do you think you need it.
iPhone: Well, right now, without my medication. I'm feeling nervous, but no in the long run. No.
Mary Kastner: Okay, okay, good, because it
Mary Kastner: Is that we have seen on Suboxone
Mary Kastner: Have been when a person is taking a benzodiazepine, which is what that is. And I don't see the forums here on it.
Mary Kastner: And I'm looking for. So you can have to fill me in on some of this stuff you put in those film forums.
Mary Kastner: So I'm glad you don't want to benzodiazepine and I have no problem and filling your medication with pharmacy. Do you want to go to
iPhone: Um, I would
iPhone: Prefer the CBS on Discovery Bay. Um, I also have a question for you though.
iPhone: With with red, red of bill.
iPhone: Read, you know, read a bill ability of the medications that some pharmacies do do most pharmacies CARRY THAT ARE THEY GOING HAVE LIKE order that overnight.
Mary Kastner: Well, depends. We've had problems with some in some areas, which is hard for me to believe because there's so many people in that area.
iPhone: Within
Mary Kastner: Within a day. I'm going to get it in right now just while we're talking
iPhone: Would be great.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, just to kind of lay your anxiety because this is an intake.
Mary Kastner: For our system and
Mary Kastner: Have a ton of questions I have to ask you. So I just
Mary Kastner: Kind of want to get this out of the way so you know that we're going to help you.
Mary Kastner: So how did you come to needs a box on the first place.
iPhone: So,
iPhone: I mean like the whole story like I'm
iPhone: I'm a drug use.
Mary Kastner: Yeah.
iPhone: I to opiates.
iPhone: I'm basically like
iPhone: I like to describe it. Like, I was like,
iPhone: I graduated high school and 2012 so that means I you know I was in there like oh eight.
iPhone: And like basically back then it was like the wild wild west of opiates like just every parent having, you know, pills in their cabinets like my parents had to 100 count Norco bottles in the drawer constantly and it was just something to
iPhone: Like it was just something back then. It wasn't like I was doing it every day but
iPhone: Then
iPhone: Around when I was about like
iPhone: My stepfather was severely addicted to opiates and he asked me to go find some of them like on the street for him.
iPhone: And so I knew some friends who knew some friends and started buying large amounts of opiates for my stepfather who's no longer really in my life anymore and kind of there is when
iPhone: I got into it, you know.
Mary Kastner: Getting angry as you're talking
iPhone: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Pharmacy, did you want to go to, again,
iPhone: CBS CBS in discovery.
iPhone: Discovery Jerry
Mary Kastner: What's the zip code there.
iPhone: I'm wondering, to be honest, though, that that's pharmacy just seems so small compared to like do you think, which we can send it to discuss the CBS on
iPhone: It's on Second Street in Brentwood, it's right next to me still, but it just, I feel like they do a lot more volume and probably a higher chance that they would have that medication.
Mary Kastner: Over the. Okay, no problem. Do you know the zip code there.
iPhone: Yeah, it's 94513
Mary Kastner: Yeah, I have one on Second Street and one a bow for you want to go to the second Street.
iPhone: Second Street, please.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so you're taking it twice a day.
iPhone: Yes.
Mary Kastner: And you take a film under your tongue.
iPhone: Film under my tongue. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Can you can be mine in the microwave.
Mary Kastner: Just getting my oatmeal.
iPhone: Yeah, it's early
Mary Kastner: Morning Breakfast.
iPhone: Almond butter right here.
Mary Kastner: Butter. Thank you. What do you do on the
Mary Kastner: cutting board. What do you do with almond butter.
iPhone: Look, they sell these little packets at the store. It's a just
iPhone: Like you just you'd have the packet. Like, oh no, like, kind of like how Gilbert's used to be or something. But yeah, it's like perfect little snack keeps you
iPhone: Ever since I got out of rehab have been like super focused on the health and then like trying to eat healthy and go to the gym every day and stuff so
Okay.
Mary Kastner: Any other drugs of abuse.
iPhone: Um,
iPhone: No like opiates is the only thing I've ever been dependent on that, you know, just kind of send me down spiral.
iPhone: I've used marijuana in the past. Um, it's not something that is problem for me it's
iPhone: You know, even at fun as a PM and stuff. I would only take that when I need when I had some serious things I'd be going on because I didn't like to just be like drowsy during the day, like I wasn't going to just take that
iPhone: Does that but you kind of maybe not remember like what I didn't today but
iPhone: Yeah so opiates is really the only thing that's like i was i was abusing heavily
Mary Kastner: Have you ever tried other drugs like inhalants or cocaine or math or
iPhone: Know,
Mary Kastner: Any other pills. Okay. Okey dokey. So as far as your history present illness, you gave a pretty clear when you were recently discharged from the base side marine treatment center.
Mary Kastner: How long right there.
iPhone: I was there for, um,
iPhone: I think it was 23 days. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Good for you. How did you wind up going to that place.
iPhone: I mean, I'm
iPhone: How did I end up deciding to go to rehab or how did I end up going to Chris says specifically that we have both.
iPhone: Well,
iPhone: It came down to
iPhone: At the very end of my opiate use I was using heroin and like the past three months. The last three months and
iPhone: My mom said I live with my mother right now my brother and my mom said she noticed just a significant difference in me and she went up into my room when I was at work and she found all the paraphernalia and
iPhone: Just kind of
iPhone: Yeah, I mean I think for
Yeah.
iPhone: Yeah, we have a crazy situation. Like I said, with my step dad and like what I did for him. My mom didn't know about that, but they had a psychotic relationship like a lot of violence in the house and I was a kid, so
iPhone: It was just like, I think she knew something was going on even before, but I don't think she wanted to just confront that, you know, I took care of her a lot during that time. So,
iPhone: But, so, yeah.
iPhone: She, she you know I come home. She's like, God, talk to you. The second scene, you know, takes my room. You know, I just like
iPhone: It's like, you know,
iPhone: Done, as I told her, I'll go to rehab and I went two days later.
Mary Kastner: What do you think of the rehab program.
iPhone: I loved it.
iPhone: I, I absolutely loved it and I wish I could have spent more time there what I, what I really took from it is. I think it's crazy what insurance companies deal
iPhone: With trying to push people out of the rehabs under like a monthly time like that. Like they won't even give half the people there a month, like
iPhone: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Are you available to come to our substance abuse group.
iPhone: Um,
Mary Kastner: We fall o'clock on Mondays.
iPhone: I work
iPhone: For a real estate company and I'm usually working until about six o'clock on Mondays.
Uh huh.
iPhone: Is
Mary Kastner: We have another group at seven is for mental health patients, but I'm that
Mary Kastner: I have some
Mary Kastner: Problems, but
iPhone: I could discuss with my boss and see if we could set up a schedule where Mondays. I could
iPhone: Use a four o'clock.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, four to five.
iPhone: And where is it located
Mary Kastner: You just do this. I'm on the video just like you're doing with me.
iPhone: Oh, okay.
Mary Kastner: Fall into the front desk at about quarter to four. Don't be some surveys for you to do.
Mary Kastner: Monthly, you're going to get a UD urine drug testing kit.
Mary Kastner: That you'll they'll make an appointment with you to do.
Mary Kastner: Then they'll give you the room number for you to go into the room at four o'clock.
iPhone: Okay.
iPhone: And
iPhone: Um, do we mailed the urine drug test.
Mary Kastner: And they mail them to you.
iPhone: And we mail back
Mary Kastner: No, you do it in front of them.
Mary Kastner: You don't pee in front of him. But you do the test in front of
iPhone: Ok ok ok
iPhone: OK, I could work that out that, especially since it's over the phone. I could definitely work work that out.
Mary Kastner: For you and
Mary Kastner: For clock out because like you said it was just a 23 day. This will be the extension of that program and we were in a really good program you're very fortunate. So getting back to your history at the height of your use. How many pills were you taken a day.
iPhone: I mean, at the height of my use
iPhone: It was like interesting like because I used to take Narcos and Percocet and I would take like I can take like maybe five Norco or maybe I could take two or three Percocet, but then at one point I was introduced to oxy more phone
iPhone: And that is like a real, it's a pretty rare opiate that you do not find normally it's extremely rare to find somebody saw in that, but
iPhone: And if you look it up like they say that it's like it's like four times stronger than heroin, like any. It's like a pill that you have to snort so
iPhone: I started using that for a while and when I and it was really expensive to and when I would go back to like the north coast or the Percocet. I had to take
iPhone: At least 10 Norco to even
iPhone: Feel thing.
iPhone: And and 120 hundred milligrams of oxycodone to
iPhone: You know, do something, it's not
iPhone: I really
iPhone: But yeah
Mary Kastner: And how much heroin. What was the height of the heroin use
iPhone: About
iPhone: Like just under like a gram a day.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: And then
Mary Kastner: HOW DID YOU USE PILLS.
iPhone: I wouldn't just the only thing I ever did was the oxy more thing, it's
iPhone: You have to like
iPhone: A bio bio availability isn't bear in the stomach. So you have to
iPhone: snort it
Mary Kastner: You have to snort it. Okay.
Mary Kastner: When's the last time you had a
Mary Kastner: Physical exam.
iPhone: Um, I had physical when I was that face Moran.
iPhone: Mm hmm. And I, I had blood work done there.
Mary Kastner: Okay, good.
iPhone: And this
iPhone: Is fine.
Mary Kastner: I think you signed a release of information for that. I'm going to ask for them to get the blood work.
iPhone: Okay, yeah, feel free to do that.
Mary Kastner: If I don't get it. I would like for you to get some blood work that I've ordered
iPhone: And like I said, we're going to do.
Mary Kastner: Monthly urine drug screens.
iPhone: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so getting back to this intake form.
Mary Kastner: As far as a chief complaint. He's here to get a follow up after
Mary Kastner: residential treatment at Bayside Moran treatment center his last cures.
Mary Kastner: Suboxone Phil was four number 6030 days on 12 nine and he's made that stretch. So, correct me if I'm wrong when I'm I'm talking to the person who's doing the transcribing
Mary Kastner: Because this is rigorous, correct me if my informations wrong last time you took any was, was it yesterday. I have strip
iPhone: Last time it's again, he was yesterday. A quarter strip
iPhone: Strip. OK.
Mary Kastner: And now you're talking about now.
Mary Kastner: Do you have in the locks on kit.
iPhone: The
Mary Kastner: Nasal spray
iPhone: Okay, good. And yes,
Mary Kastner: Would you please let me know next time we meet what the expiration date is on that you have to be aware that those to expire. Does your mother know how to use that
iPhone: She does. Okay.
Mary Kastner: And how old is your brother.
iPhone: My brother is 21
Mary Kastner: Is in he's living with you.
Mary Kastner: Yes, so he may need to be taught how to use
iPhone: Okay, okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay, um, as far as the psychic impression. Are you having any pain right now.
iPhone: No, I'm
iPhone: So I'm
iPhone: I'm not having any pain right now. Okay, I'm just like, really nervous and you know cuz I know how like I don't know if I'm like
iPhone: Just putting myself into kind of like withdrawal kinda like symptoms like mentally or if I'm really like, you know, not feeling good, because I because I don't have this up so no
Mary Kastner: Okay.
iPhone: But yeah, I just
Mary Kastner: Draw symptoms.
Are you
iPhone: The only thing I'm expense. I feel like extremely restless legs.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: No runny nose.
iPhone: No. Last night I didn't notice a couple of times, like a little bit run those that just really came on, no word that was kind of like kind of like that, not like a cold, but not like a lot at all.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
So no pain.
Mary Kastner: No, no pain right now. Can you check your pulse for me. Do you know what, how to check your pulse.
iPhone: Um, yeah.
Mary Kastner: I can time it for you. If you can
Mary Kastner: Find it
iPhone: Oh yeah, that'd be great because I
iPhone: Think it's time you will find it.
Mary Kastner: Tell me when you're ready.
Mary Kastner: While we're waiting for him. The only thing I have downloaded is secures and I have 12 nine you get 60 Suboxone eight tues for 30 day supply and 11 so 2017 get 34 a 15 day supply and on 11 7209 or nine he got 10 clonazepam
Mary Kastner: Which is no longer on. I don't have the desk or the
Mary Kastner: The parameter for
Mary Kastner: The Odyssey.
Mary Kastner: And he's. Are you there Mason.
iPhone: Yeah yeah
Mary Kastner: Okay, tell me when you're ready.
Mary Kastner: Are you ready. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay, start
Mary Kastner: Stop when you get
Mary Kastner: 37. Okay, good.
Mary Kastner: Can you get back on the screen. Good, good.
Mary Kastner: Pulse 37 supposes
Mary Kastner: 74 I'm not sweating not feeling chills.
Mary Kastner: Not having any tremor.
iPhone: No, no, just waking up really sweaty. But no, not like it at all. Okay.
Mary Kastner: And how about trauma and your hands.
iPhone: No.
Mary Kastner: Can you get close to the screen so I can see your pupils. Oh.
Mary Kastner: Okay. They are restricted slightly for the room light. Okay, thank you.
Mary Kastner: Hmm, um, any stomach upset, diarrhea, nausea, vomiting,
iPhone: No, um, I feel like I noticed I was going to the bathroom or yesterday, but not like not like diarrhea, like, you know, sickly at all.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: And what's your anxiety level 10 being the worst anxiety, you've ever had.
iPhone: worse. Worse than I've ever had. It's probably between like a six and a seven right now.
Mary Kastner: And how about depression 10 being the most depressed. You've ever been.
iPhone: Probably a
iPhone: Probably at five.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
iPhone: Just because you know it's just been like a paradigm shift in my life, you know, it's just like they're half the time. I really happy. But you know, I mean, it's just like all so fast. It's like
iPhone: But I'm not like I'm happy being sober. I really am.
iPhone: Yeah, and it's not
iPhone: It's not really like you know I'm not happy because I'm not doing drugs. It's like sometimes I'm just not happy because it's like
iPhone: God like You know all that shit. I did. It's just like
iPhone: takes a long time to get over you know
Mary Kastner: Yep, yep, yep, I want you to talk about that in group, a lot of bad
Mary Kastner: Can you tell me that your nose is running just a little bit.
Yeah.
iPhone: I met so I wouldn't cry for more today. I don't have any
Mary Kastner: Um,
Mary Kastner: No. Yawning
iPhone: Um, yeah, yawning yesterday I was yawning a lot
Mary Kastner: So I would give you a cows or withdraw scale of nine.
Mary Kastner: Okay, just a mental status exam, we're going to switch to now do you know today's date.
iPhone: I'm January 27
Mary Kastner: Okay.
iPhone: Am I right.
Mary Kastner: Yes, you're right, and
Mary Kastner: On the other, the other thing when you call back in. Did you do a brief addiction monitors survey.
iPhone: When I originally called actually like a month ago.
Mary Kastner: Good one.
iPhone: I did. It was like a long okay we talked about
Mary Kastner: So, are our transcription is we'll take a look at the results on that and hopefully they'll be able to reload the other two surveys that I'm not finding
Mary Kastner: Which is called the desk 10 and the audit, see, okay, getting back to mental status exam.
Mary Kastner: Are you able to shower and dress yourself. You're not so anxious or withdraw. You can't do that. Okay.
iPhone: No, I can do that. Okay.
Mary Kastner: And you're oriented. How about concentration and focus at work.
iPhone: Um, I mean, I think I'm going to be pretty distracted today, but I'm gonna try to get through it.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Okay. Can you sit and read a book.
iPhone: I mean, I haven't tried today, but I'm pretty sure I could
Mary Kastner: Okay, you could sit through a movie.
iPhone: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: TV show. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Yeah Okay dokey. So I'm functional finding independent come to a functional finding is oriented. How about your memory.
iPhone: My members pretty good right yeah I think
Mary Kastner: Short and long term.
iPhone: Short and long term. I mean,
iPhone: Just in general.
iPhone: Like, yeah, I feel like I have a fairly good memory. I feel like like and I've been like I've been like diagnosed with like PTSD and stuff from my childhood. So sometimes I feel like I don't remember a
iPhone: Certain time from my childhood, because like there's something being probably like kind of pushed away a bit. But no, I have a pretty good memory. Other than that, okay, okay.
I'm
Mary Kastner: Up here, you stated age well groomed normal habit speech weight and volume coherent normal thought process appropriate age development normal content logical non tangential
Mary Kastner: How about you ever hallucinate where you see things you hear things you feel people are reading your mind or the TV has special messages.
Mary Kastner: No. No. Okay. No hallucinations, delusions noted during today's exchange insight and self reflection on today's issues. No, that is adequate okay past medical history, do you have any problems with the with medical conditions.
iPhone: Um,
Mary Kastner: If I had any head trauma.
iPhone: No, no head trauma, I broke my foot last year.
Mary Kastner: How did surgery with that are
iPhone: They, they did.
Mary Kastner: Okay, yeah. What did they have to do
iPhone: They put a screw in my life left medic towards so I can't remember what it's like the bone along your foot. It was like the bone that goes along your foot that snapped. So they screwed that together.
Mary Kastner: That happened.
iPhone: Just this time last year I was at a concert was. It was like
iPhone: It was like a hardcore punk show and I don't know what happened. I think somebody like stepped on my foot or something because after they started after they stopped playing. I was like, what really hurts. And then I could like barely walk back to the car.
Mary Kastner: Oh my god.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, okay.
Mary Kastner: No, no.
Mary Kastner: never had any head trauma where you've lost consciousness, no history of seizures.
iPhone: Know,
Mary Kastner: Any trouble with your vision.
Mary Kastner: Any trouble with your hearing.
iPhone: My girlfriend's have I do, but no.
Mary Kastner: Let's be honest.
Mary Kastner: Any trouble with your, your nose.
Mary Kastner: In breathe. I
Know,
Mary Kastner: Oh boy, that's a kick.
Mary Kastner: Any trouble with your teeth.
iPhone: My teeth. I've always I have like, it's like genetic like I know that my dad's mom like she had like US dollar teeth before she was
iPhone: He has bad teeth and I got passed down like I really tried to take care of my teeth and I brush and floss every day and all that, but I do just get a high rate of cavities and like it.
Mary Kastner: When when's the last time you saw the dentist.
iPhone: I'm probably about like six months ago. Yeah, probably about six months ago.
iPhone: And yeah, now that
Mary Kastner: Will important to take care of teeth on opioids, so I'm glad you're doing that any heart problems.
iPhone: Um, no.
Mary Kastner: Any lung problems. History of frequent colds asthma.
iPhone: I was born, I was born extremely asthmatic and I was like, they had to put me on like a full morning machine or like
iPhone: They had to put me on like a breathing apparatus. When I was born, for like a month or two and then I had like severe asthma growing up wish that I had to be on like the machine like daily, but
iPhone: I haven't had to use that in like over 10 years I never have to use an inhaler anymore. I just don't really have problems breathing anymore. It just never happens.
Mary Kastner: Wonderful.
Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: I'm gonna keep going here because
Mary Kastner: Amanda. It's not me.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: I have my next person checked in.
Mary Kastner: But we'll go. Keep going till she comes into my
Mary Kastner: So I would like for you to
Mary Kastner: come tomorrow.
Mary Kastner: And we'll finish this intake. So when you're off the phone today, I want you to call back in
Mary Kastner: And make an appointment with me tomorrow.
Mary Kastner: And
Mary Kastner: Come to group tonight. That's the other option come to group tonight and stay a little bit after group.
iPhone: Okay, I can do the group tonight. Okay. Yeah, so I
Mary Kastner: Say please enroll.
Mary Kastner: Mason.
Mary Kastner: In su D.
Mary Kastner: Group.
At four
Mary Kastner: Okay, and he will stay after
iPhone: Okay, and
Mary Kastner: And we'll finish this.
Mary Kastner: Um, let's finish the medical so we know where we stopped. Okay. Okay. Any other skin or muscle or bone problems other than the foot.
Mary Kastner: No any trouble with your stomach.
Mary Kastner: Frequent usually a normal or you constipated or
iPhone: No, I just when I was using opiates. But no, I've been pretty healthy sense
Mary Kastner: Good, yeah opiates. Oh, really do that to you any trouble with your urinary system.
Mary Kastner: No sexual performance.
iPhone: No. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Any frequent urinary tract infections sexually transmitted diseases.
Mary Kastner: Know any history of HIV or tuberculosis.
Mary Kastner: No. Okay. Any psychiatric illness, other than the PTSD like bipolar depression.
iPhone: Depression.
iPhone: Mm hmm. Yeah. I'm taking Lexapro.
Mary Kastner: Okay it. What else are you taking medication.
iPhone: Lexapro hydroxide Xen for sleep and
iPhone: Climate Clonidine for night terrors. That's what they see prescribed. I don't really take that all the time, though, because I don't really notice any difference at all.
Mary Kastner: Okay, what's your dose on the Clonidine
iPhone: It's one milligrams. Okay.
Mary Kastner: And how about the Lexapro. What's a dose on that.
iPhone: That is 10 milligrams
Mary Kastner: So are you can continue to see
Mary Kastner: The provider for that. Are you gonna switch those Smith's to us or
iPhone: I'm gonna
iPhone: Well,
iPhone: I think I was gonna continue to see that provider and probably just get the from my like general practitioner.
Mary Kastner: Okay, yeah.
iPhone: Just prescribe like
iPhone: Oh, I didn't realize that you guys like
Mary Kastner: Prescribed in a week.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, we have full psychiatric services so well. No problem.
Mary Kastner: You know I can do the meds for
Mary Kastner: That to let just let me know.
Mary Kastner: Okay, okay any
Mary Kastner: Thyroid problems or diabetes.
iPhone: Know,
Any anemia.
iPhone: No.
Mary Kastner: Okay. History panic attacks.
iPhone: Yes.
Mary Kastner: Mm hmm. How often
iPhone: Like a full blown panic attack, maybe like once a year, but then like, you know what I mean by like full blown panic attack, where you just like, it's like feels like you're having a heart attack, but I get panic attacks fairly like regularly just like extreme anxiety and
iPhone: That's where like the phone as a parent kind of help.
iPhone: But yeah, I've just been really trying to manage myself and I still get some anxiety, but I, I've been trying to like work out like as much as I can and get as much cardio as I can in every day. And, you know, trying to work with that.
Mary Kastner: Good. And then, when's the last time you had one of those
iPhone: The other day, but
iPhone: It was just like 10 quick, you know,
iPhone: Blow up just like anxiety and panic, but I just have to kind of like
iPhone: Just, I don't know, I, you know, when I was like in like the rehab facility like I tried to take everything that I possibly could, in and I, you know,
iPhone: I just, you know, try to use all the coping skills that I can, and like, you know, just like thought processes and stuff.
Mary Kastner: Okay, good. So you said when you have these you feel what
iPhone: Like a like extreme flow of like emotions like like uncontrollable like emotions and like fear and like and like here and like sadness like
iPhone: Just like like literally like flow through my body and it's like my heart rates pounding and
Mary Kastner: Okay, and then that's when you take what
iPhone: Well,
iPhone: Before I would take a call on that. So Pam, but now I
iPhone: I'll try to like meditate or
iPhone: Um,
iPhone: I have used a CV, the tincture that kind of helped with my anxiety, but I don't really have that it was just something that my girlfriend had but
iPhone: That kind of helped is like 100% CBD. I don't know how you guys feel about that.
Mary Kastner: That's, that's a that's allowable um
Mary Kastner: You may need to clean as a pan back for that.
Mary Kastner: We will have an intake person.
Mary Kastner: Who's this therapist, talk to you.
Mary Kastner: And Becca in group is a therapist. So you might want to bring up
Mary Kastner: And see if that she wants to see you individually for a while.
Mary Kastner: She's talking about
Mary Kastner: Doing an anxiety, panic group too. So you would definitely fit in there.
Mary Kastner: And you say, these see the frequency of these is what
iPhone: How often are you having these this frequency. It's kind of hard to say, but I'm
iPhone: Like the full blown ones like not as much but like 10 like maybe like once a week, I found myself, you know, just kind of like paste in the room and like feeling like just like kind of like I said, like a huge just flow of like all kinds of emotions.
iPhone: Like once a week.
That's
iPhone: That's pretty often. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, so I would actually diagnose you with the panic disorder and also the PTSD.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Do you have you had any testing for hepatitis.
iPhone: What we're done.
iPhone: The place. I'm pretty sure they screen for everything when I was
Mary Kastner: Like now.
iPhone: I'm I mean yeah a little bit. I kind of always like, you know, I'm kind of tapping my feet, but yeah. A little more than usual.
Mary Kastner: And how many hours of sleep. Do you get in
Mary Kastner: Night.
iPhone: Sleep has been like a huge issue for me for a long time to. I mean, sometimes I'll get two hours sometimes I'll get six or seven which is a good night. But a lot of times I have a very hard time sleeping.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so we're going to leave off here after the medical and we're going to take up tonight because the next patient is here.
Mary Kastner: So I will see you tonight at four.
iPhone: Okay, and
iPhone: Is the. So did you end up sending the prescription. Yes.
Mary Kastner: We did that in the very beginning.
iPhone: Oh, thank you so much. OK.
Mary Kastner: OK, so I'll find out when I see you
Mary Kastner: Went if you were able to pick it up.
iPhone: Okay, well,
iPhone: Um, yeah, and
Mary Kastner: Met her
Mary Kastner: So I see it for
iPhone: And do I log in with the same login to get into that.
Mary Kastner: No, you have to the front desk and they'll give you the group number
Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay, nice to meet you. Mason.
iPhone: Good mean you too.
Mary Kastner: Bye bye. Thank you.
Mary Kastner: Amanda
Mary Kastner: I what happened.
Mary Kastner: You checked in and then you never got into my room. I don't know what happened. We lost 15 minutes of our appointment.
Amsnda Mayberry: And I got that they forgot to give me the last digit of the room number
Mary Kastner: best laid plans of mice and men.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, okay.
Mary Kastner: So we only have 15
Mary Kastner: Minutes are you say I'm so this is Amanda Mayberry, Mr in 316 so I'm Mary Kastner I'm a nurse pregnant. Okay. A tree.
Amsnda Mayberry: Okay.
And
Mary Kastner: So since we're on this little timeline here.
Mary Kastner: We're gonna go kind of quick to find out what I can do for you. And then I'm going to ask you to make another appointment.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay, Amanda. What can I do for you.
Amsnda Mayberry: Um, I am trying to get my pen on Suboxone for for about 15 months. I don't have a provider right now.
Amsnda Mayberry: My provider stopped practicing you know Suboxone and so I'm trying to get my swaps and script restarted and so I actually looked you guys up online and thought it would be a really good fit for me.
Uh huh.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Um, so, when's the last time you had any Suboxone
Amsnda Mayberry: Um, I just had some today. Okay.
Mary Kastner: And how was it how much you taking
Amsnda Mayberry: Two one strip twice a day.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and are they ate too.
Yes.
Mary Kastner: eight milligrams two milligrams
Mary Kastner: Yes. Okay.
Mary Kastner: And you said, How long have you been on Suboxone
Amsnda Mayberry: This time 15 months.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: And you've been in
Mary Kastner: Residential. It looks like.
Amsnda Mayberry: Yes, I
Mary Kastner: Want to residential
Amsnda Mayberry: I've actually done completed all patient three times, but I just completed residential, it's probably been about two months now.
Amsnda Mayberry: I did visions at the cross
Mary Kastner: Two months ago and how long
Mary Kastner: I'm just 30 day. Say that again.
Amsnda Mayberry: I went there for 30 days.
Amsnda Mayberry: But I graduated, yes.
Mary Kastner: And what's the name of the program.
Amsnda Mayberry: Visions of the cross.
Amsnda Mayberry: You ready, Johnson.
Mary Kastner: Where's that
Amsnda Mayberry: Redding, California.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: And and then you said you've been in other residential or
Amsnda Mayberry: No, that's the only one residential, but I did write roads outpatient program and I completed that I did that twice.
Amsnda Mayberry: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay. How old is your daughter.
She's one
Mary Kastner: One is that what I'm hearing
Amsnda Mayberry: Yes, she's over there eating her breakfast. She, she got the hand mouth and foot disease. I guess it's called
Mary Kastner: Gosh, that's
It is
Mary Kastner: Exactly virus.
Mary Kastner: Yes, yeah.
Mary Kastner: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: I have
Mary Kastner: My son had a couple times i. I got it. It's not fun.
Mary Kastner: So I'm looking at your
Mary Kastner: Report here for the Controlled Substances the cures report and it looks like you're on the 19th of this month. You've got some Xanax
Amsnda Mayberry: Yeah, for an
Mary Kastner: Eight day supply
Amsnda Mayberry: Yeah, I've been
Amsnda Mayberry: On and off. I was on three milligrams a day and over. So when I found out I was pregnant. I started tapering and so now I'm down to 0.25 and a half of that a day.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: Good and how you feeling
Amsnda Mayberry: I'm I feel all right you know sometimes I seem to have like a little, maybe a little bit of depression, just from possible, you know, lack of, you know, sounds on a lot of Xanax every day.
Amsnda Mayberry: And so I you know sometimes I'm a little bit depressed. But other than that, you know, I seem to be doing well.
Mary Kastner: Okay, I'm so I also see Suboxone you got the film eight to
Mary Kastner: Find yet 10 for five days that was on the 17th.
Amsnda Mayberry: Yeah, I've literally had to. That was my last prescription. I've had to like make that last and so you know i. So,
Mary Kastner: One strip left and you
Mary Kastner: Took some this morning.
Mary Kastner: Yes. Okay, okay, okay. And you've been on Suboxone for how long.
Amsnda Mayberry: 15 months this time. My first time was back in 2007 and then it's kind of been, you know,
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okey dokey. So tell me, I'm a little bit of your history of opioid use and how you got into
Mary Kastner: Getting on Suboxone way back before 2007. If you will please
Amsnda Mayberry: Okay. Um, let's see. Well, my addiction first started out with the Aussie Cotton's
Amsnda Mayberry: Around age 1718 I use Aussies for probably, you know, a few years it was completely out of control. And after that I went to.
Mary Kastner: How many a day.
Amsnda Mayberry: How many 1080 milligrams
Mary Kastner: 1080 milligrams well
Amsnda Mayberry: Yes. Um, and then I got on Suboxone after a couple years of doing that and then
Amsnda Mayberry: What did I do. Oh, I went back out on. Oh, I had my 16 year old, I had my son, and he you know I had a lot of birth injuries and so they put me on Percocet and Norco
Amsnda Mayberry: And, you know, so I stopped taking the Suboxone they prescribed me that after having my son, you know, and that was the beginning of me going back out again and and backup on oxidase again.
Amsnda Mayberry: Or, I think, like, a year and a half after that I went to the Methadone clinic down in Chico, California to ages. They have me on 180 milligrams method on a day. I did that for five years and then I had
Amsnda Mayberry: You know this big thing happened in my family.
Amsnda Mayberry: And then after that I decided I didn't want to be on methadone anymore. And then I went back to right roads recovery and I'm a doctor. There is a doctor that did Suboxone
Amsnda Mayberry: And I got back on Suboxone for five years and then
Amsnda Mayberry: I think it was November of last year.
Amsnda Mayberry: That doctors actually arrested because he had had us on starch such huge does large doses of statics and Suboxone and I guess they like
Amsnda Mayberry: Change something or something and they're not, you know, weren't he wasn't supposed to be prescribing that and so like our middle of nowhere, our doctor, you know, my gosh, I've had for five years, it's just completely. You know, like gone and
Amsnda Mayberry: You know and i and i certainly after that I found out I was pregnant and you know it was just really
Amsnda Mayberry: It was a really hard time for me and then I got hooked up with Shasta community and they were able to help me, you know, get stable on Suboxone they did want me off Xanax, you know, start tapering which at first that was
Amsnda Mayberry: Really, really hard. I honestly didn't think it was really possible but you know being pregnant and for my daughter and every thing. You know, I decided to give it a try and
Mary Kastner: God bless them. That's a great taper and chaos of it.
Amsnda Mayberry: I do you know I did.
Amsnda Mayberry: I do. I really do. And, you know,
Amsnda Mayberry: Since I was 18, you know, and I just never thought I would be able to be off statics
Amsnda Mayberry: I thought I could be yourself. But I just never thought I'd be off that so you know i'm i'm really happy about it, you know.
Yeah, you
Mary Kastner: Know, do you want to go to CVS pharmacy on Cypress Avenue.
Amsnda Mayberry: Um, yes.
Mary Kastner: I'm going to send in your Suboxone right now as we're talking, you'll be able to pick it up today.
Amsnda Mayberry: I'm hoping
Amsnda Mayberry: To group at four o'clock is that
Amsnda Mayberry: Possible. Yeah, yeah.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: I have one gentleman I was saying before, you have to finish his intake and he's gonna stay after group and then if I could get you to call back in after group like in 20 minutes after group.
Mary Kastner: On you and I can do this. So we're not so pressed
Mary Kastner: You're giving a very coherent.
Mary Kastner: What would I say chronological chronology of your illness. So I really appreciate that.
Amsnda Mayberry: Thank you.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so then
Mary Kastner: After the Shasta community tapered those Xanax, did you have any more to tell me about your history.
Mary Kastner: What happened from there.
Um,
Amsnda Mayberry: Well, I just community. They like require you to come in once a week, you know, and right now I don't have, you know, my vehicles broke down and everything. So it's just really hard for me to get there with my baby, you know, with no vehicle.
Amsnda Mayberry: And, you know, that was another reason why I was so happy to be able to do you know the treatment online is, you know, I can do it from my home.
Amsnda Mayberry: And yes, that's amazing to me, you know, having a baby, especially me
Amsnda Mayberry: So, I love it. I think it's awesome. And then I also am a domestic violence victim and
Amsnda Mayberry: You know, that's a kind of long story, but I can tell you about that a little bit later. You know, I do have some history with, you know, being a domestic violence victim.
Amsnda Mayberry: I was relocated. When was it jump fly last year, me and my daughter did have to go stay in a woman safe shelter. We stayed there for 40 days I was able to get a restraining order. We were relocated to a new apartment. That's where we're at right now and
Amsnda Mayberry: You know,
Amsnda Mayberry: I'm seeing a counselor, you know, Western a counselor not not transportations but I'm thinking about music and counseling with my therapist over the crowd and the live. Have you heard of that.
Mary Kastner: No, that again. What is it called
Amsnda Mayberry: And Andy live and they have like therapists and stuff. So you can do therapy over Tele health
Mary Kastner: Wow.
Amsnda Mayberry: So, you know, I was doing therapy with my therapist from one safe place, but she, you know, I don't have any transportation there right now.
Mary Kastner: Okay. And this is a tele health therapy that you may start
Amsnda Mayberry: Yes, yes.
Amsnda Mayberry: Okay, and everything.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: So super
Mary Kastner: Um,
Mary Kastner: So we've got about three minutes left. I'm hoping this press patience late and then maybe we can keep going.
Mary Kastner: So as far as
Mary Kastner: His history present illness. Are you having any pain right now or any withdrawal symptoms.
Mary Kastner: Can you hear me.
Amsnda Mayberry: Yeah, Amanda. Yes.
Mary Kastner: Are you having any
Mary Kastner: Yeah. Are you having any withdrawal symptoms.
Amsnda Mayberry: Now, no.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: Can you get close to the screen.
Mary Kastner: So I can see people's eyes.
Mary Kastner: Open your eyes. Nice and wide. Yeah, they're a little dilated
Mary Kastner: Who dilated, especially the right one and
Mary Kastner: Have you had any have you had any head trauma.
Amsnda Mayberry: I have I, they are. They're calling it a traumatic brain injury, but I don't think it you know I was hit that was one of the reasons why I left you know my ex significant other is because he did hit me in the face while sleeping.
Mary Kastner: Okay, um, let me just go through the withdrawal symptoms here with you.
Mary Kastner: Are you having. What's your anxiety level.
Amsnda Mayberry: 10 being the most anxious. You've ever been.
Amsnda Mayberry: Oh, probably just like a five or six
Mary Kastner: Okay, and how about depression.
Amsnda Mayberry: I don't feel depressed probably
Amsnda Mayberry: Like at a good three or two or three
Mary Kastner: Okay, okay, in any pain.
Amsnda Mayberry: No, no.
Mary Kastner: No, no, no. Paint. Okay. Um, can you check your pulse for me. Do you know how to take it.
Mary Kastner: Tell me when you get it and I'll time it for
You
Amsnda Mayberry: Okay.
Amsnda Mayberry: I think so.
Mary Kastner: Okay, start
Mary Kastner: start counting
Mary Kastner: What's your number.
Amsnda Mayberry: 28
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: So our pulse is 56 I'm you having any stomach upset.
Amsnda Mayberry: No, I
Amsnda Mayberry: Know diarrhea.
Amsnda Mayberry: No, no.
Mary Kastner: Oh, no, no, nausea, vomiting, okay any hand tremor.
Amsnda Mayberry: I'm
Amsnda Mayberry: Not
Mary Kastner: Look like it. How about any sweating.
Amsnda Mayberry: No chosen. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay. People size were
Mary Kastner: Moderately dilated on the right and
Mary Kastner: And on the left. So on equal
Mary Kastner: No, joint pain. Anybody knows
Mary Kastner: Amanda
Mary Kastner: Amanda anyone he knows or yawning.
Mary Kastner: Excessive yawning a runny nose.
Amsnda Mayberry: No.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and you said no stomach upset diarrhea.
Mary Kastner: No, I would say withdrawal is
Mary Kastner: Maybe one
Mary Kastner: Cows a score of one. So you're not in withdrawal right now. So my next patient is here.
Amsnda Mayberry: So we're going to
Mary Kastner: pick up where we left off.
Mary Kastner: And at the mental status exam tonight.
Mary Kastner: You feeling like you're going to hurt yourself or anybody else. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Okay, great. So I'm call in at about quarter to four. They'll give you the room number and make sure you get all the digits on the room.
Mary Kastner: Number, so you can pop into the room and it will be the substance use disorder group and
Mary Kastner: By the end, I hope you will have
Mary Kastner: Been able to pick up your prescription you'll tell me if you had any trouble. And then about 20 minutes after the group, you'll call back in
Mary Kastner: And we'll finish this intake.
Mary Kastner: Does that sound okay
Amsnda Mayberry: That sounds great.
Mary Kastner: Okay, okay, nice to meet you and I'll see you at four.
Amsnda Mayberry: Or you can thank you very much.
Mary Kastner: Bye.
Bye bye.
Mary Kastner: You can end the meeting.
And I can admit the next
Mary Kastner: Hi Susan
Mary Kastner: Hi, I'm Mary Kastner
Mary Kastner: I'm just gonna get
Susan Vargas: This one person.
Out.
Mary Kastner: Of the meeting and
Mary Kastner: Then we'll be able to start
Mary Kastner: Okay, what can I do for you today.
Susan Vargas: I was referred to you from Stanford.
Susan Vargas: For a 30 day trial of
Susan Vargas: Sub you are, I mean,
Susan Vargas: I think it's
Mary Kastner: Uh huh. Okay, of Suboxone
Susan Vargas: Yes, very good, because I don't want to take unprescribed hydrocodone but I don't want to take that
Mary Kastner: OK. OK. So I'm Mary Kastner I'm psychiatric nurse practitioner and you're calling in on the zoom platform. This is being recorded. Sometimes I'll be kind of acting like I'm talking to myself. But I'm talking to the transcription is out.
Mary Kastner: Loud so you can hear.
Mary Kastner: It and you can correct me if I'm wrong on anything. Okay.
Mary Kastner: So, um,
Mary Kastner: This is Susan Vargas, Mr in 3220
Mary Kastner: She was referred here by Stanford is it outpatient or emergency room.
Susan Vargas: Emergency emergency. Okay.
Mary Kastner: And it looks like you have a
Mary Kastner: Provider Amy.
Mary Kastner: Williams, who is that
Susan Vargas: Okay.
Mary Kastner: You just marked on your intake form that
Susan Vargas: You are seeing
Mary Kastner: Amy Williams as your provider.
Susan Vargas: I PCP us
Susan Vargas: Christine way.
Mary Kastner: I'm having some trouble with
Mary Kastner: Audio
Mary Kastner: Is your audio on cuz I'm having trouble hearing you.
Mary Kastner: Can you hear me okay
Susan Vargas: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Yes, you. Is your video on. Can you see
Me.
Mary Kastner: Yes. Okay, good. Okay, so give me a little history of your opiate use so I can kind of get a handle on what you been doing for you said something about hydrocodone
Susan Vargas: Yeah.
Susan Vargas: That's been prescribed. I'm a PCP. I have chronic issues, I guess reprise IBS Crohn's and colitis.
Susan Vargas: So I'm in the hospital so
Mary Kastner: We gotta
Mary Kastner: Do
Mary Kastner: You gotta fix your audio. This is almost unintelligible. What are you calling in on
Mary Kastner: Your phone
Mary Kastner: Yeah. Are you getting good coverage, where you are.
Susan Vargas: Yeah, 4G, okay, that's interesting. Okay, just
Mary Kastner: Talk a little clear maybe
Susan Vargas: Maybe we can get it.
Mary Kastner: So, tell me again what you just said about the hydrocodone
Susan Vargas: And my PCP Kirstie wing provides it because of my chronic issues, but I don't want to take it anymore.
Mary Kastner: Oh, I see. Okay.
Mary Kastner: And so you're PCP. And what's her name.
Susan Vargas: Christy way ok ok I STI and then W. E. N. G.
Mary Kastner: OK, and she prescribes
Mary Kastner: hydrocodone for the guests dryness and what what is the dosage and how much, how often
Susan Vargas: 10 milligrams three times a day.
Mary Kastner: Okay. And how long have you been on that.
Susan Vargas: A few months. Okay.
Mary Kastner: And any opioid use before that.
Susan Vargas: Yeah.
Susan Vargas: Okay.
Susan Vargas: We're not hearing you again.
Susan Vargas: I'm when I go to the
Susan Vargas: Er, or I'm hospitalized. They give me narcotics.
Mary Kastner: Okay. And how often is that
Susan Vargas: A few times a month.
Mary Kastner: And what did they give you
Susan Vargas: Either morphine or dialogue.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: And what is your diagnosis chronic colitis.
Sure.
Susan Vargas: OK.
Mary Kastner: OK, I can hear you again talk directly into your phone.
Mary Kastner: gastroparesis gastroparesis
Susan Vargas: Yeah, it looks to the paralyzed and ideas.
Susan Vargas: Your bowel syndrome. Okay.
Susan Vargas: And crowns.
Mary Kastner: Well,
Mary Kastner: So are you in a lot of pain when you have these attacks.
Susan Vargas: Oh, yeah.
Uh huh.
Susan Vargas: And right now I have
Susan Vargas: pancreatitis, because I have gallstones, and I have to get my
Mary Kastner: End. Get your gallbladder removed.
Susan Vargas: Yeah, okay.
Mary Kastner: So you'll need pain medication for that.
Mary Kastner: So any history of opioid abuse, taking it other than as prescribed.
Susan Vargas: No. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Any history of opioid abuse prior to that.
Susan Vargas: No, I never took what it's before hospitals. Okay.
Mary Kastner: And any other drug use.
Susan Vargas: Marijuana. Okay.
Mary Kastner: And how, how often using that and how
Susan Vargas: It's not like every day.
Mary Kastner: How many joints.
Susan Vargas: Like three
Mary Kastner: Have they talk to you about do you throw up a lot when you're having these attacks.
Susan Vargas: They've talked to me about the cyclical haunting syndrome. So I stopped smoking weed for six months and it didn't change at all. Okay.
Mary Kastner: And do you feel like, why you why you smoking it
Susan Vargas: It takes away the nasza the pain sometimes and
Susan Vargas: Helps really my stomach.
Mary Kastner: Uh huh.
Susan Vargas: And gives me an appetite.
Susan Vargas: I have a feeding tube and also
Mary Kastner: So can you eat.
Susan Vargas: The small amounts sometimes
Mary Kastner: And then you use a formula in your feeding tube.
Susan Vargas: Yeah, that's what I get most of my nutrition. Okay.
Mary Kastner: And what your weight.
Susan Vargas: Right now I'm 122
Mary Kastner: And you're how tall.
Susan Vargas: Five, two. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay, any other use of any substances like cocaine methamphetamine inhalants alcohol.
Mary Kastner: No. Okay.
Mary Kastner: So how long have you had this diagnosis of chronic colitis and
2008 okay
Mary Kastner: And do they have any alternative suggestions for the pain at the then the opioids.
Because
Susan Vargas: The medicine. I you said the name of
Mary Kastner: Suboxone
Susan Vargas: Yes, about some they said it would be alternative
Mary Kastner: Uh huh. Well Suboxone would be something you would take daily
Susan Vargas: Oh, not as needed.
Mary Kastner: Not as needed ever say
Mary Kastner: It's for people who have a daily addiction to opioids and in order to start Suboxone you would have to come in, withdraw, meaning you're
Mary Kastner: In one year.
Mary Kastner: Which call it attacks and
Mary Kastner: You were taking opioids and then you just stop it and put up with the pain and come in pretty miserable and then we'd start the Suboxone
Susan Vargas: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Now, I have no problem with giving you Suboxone
Mary Kastner: For you know daily treatment, but it seems like
Mary Kastner: If you want to use it for the pain for these program for this problem you audit get Stanford just sent you to the to their pain program.
Susan Vargas: Managers uncover stamper
Oh, shoot.
Mary Kastner: I'm because there is a preparation see Suboxone is a combination of buprenorphine.
Mary Kastner: Which is an opioid agonist sits on the pain receptor site.
Mary Kastner: And naloxone, which is an antagonist.
Mary Kastner: To prevent any overdose.
Susan Vargas: Oh, I didn't know that.
Mary Kastner: So teen programs typically use the buprenorphine alone.
Mary Kastner: For pain.
Mary Kastner: We our program uses it for
Mary Kastner: Addiction.
Susan Vargas: Okay.
Mary Kastner: So, um,
Mary Kastner: What I what I probably want to do is discuss this with the medical director and see if he has any resources for you or any suggestions for us to give you
Mary Kastner: When you have this kind of issue with your stomach.
Um,
Mary Kastner: Oh, poets can actually
Mary Kastner: make it worse because they
Mary Kastner: Are terribly constipated.
Susan Vargas: Yeah, yeah. Take a lot of water with them.
Mary Kastner: Yeah. And so then guess what your exacerbating that croons
Susan Vargas: Yeah yeah
So,
Mary Kastner: Opioids may not be the answer. You know, something like do locks a teen. Have you ever tried that.
Susan Vargas: No.
Mary Kastner: It's a antidepressant that we
Susan Vargas: Oh yeah, I'm on that. That's a Cymbalta right
Mary Kastner: Yes Cymbalta yeah
Mary Kastner: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, that's a good one to be on
Mary Kastner: Are you able to get that refilled who's providing that for you.
Mary Kastner: My psychiatrist. Okay, so you have a psychiatrists
Yeah.
Mary Kastner: And who's that
Susan Vargas: Dr. HON. It's Ah, you i n
Mary Kastner: Okay, and what's the dose of the Cymbalta
Susan Vargas: It's 20 milligrams one by mouth every day.
Mary Kastner: Okay, you might want to discuss with him if he wants to increase that
Susan Vargas: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, cuz you really do need it for pain.
Mary Kastner: Yeah. Are you depressed.
Susan Vargas: Yeah. Mm hmm.
Mary Kastner: So 10 being the most aggressive. You ever been. Where would you put yourself.
Susan Vargas: You're
Mary Kastner: Talking to the phone again.
Susan Vargas: And they say, I have severe postpartum depression because I just had a baby.
Oh,
Mary Kastner: So how are you today.
Susan Vargas: I'm I feel fine. Excellent. Okay.
Mary Kastner: So 10 being the most depressed.
Where would you put your side.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and how about anxiety, where you would that
Attend
Mary Kastner: Really
Susan Vargas: It brings ideas so bad.
Mary Kastner: Oh geez.
Mary Kastner: Is this helpful at all for your anxiety.
Susan Vargas: I haven't noticed 15 okay
Mary Kastner: So I would recommend that you take
Mary Kastner: You said your, your dosage of the dual oxetane is 20
Susan Vargas: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: You can go up on that to the maximum dose of 120
Susan Vargas: Oh, wow.
Mary Kastner: When do you see this, the psychiatrist again.
Susan Vargas: Not for two more months.
Mary Kastner: Two more months.
Mary Kastner: Um,
Mary Kastner: We can actually increase that for you have enough you have enough pills at home.
Susan Vargas: Of 30 Cody.
Mary Kastner: You have 3030 pills left
Susan Vargas: Know, I have three refills of vehicles.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: Three refills of 30
Susan Vargas: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: And how much in the bottle.
Susan Vargas: 20 milligram
Susan Vargas: A lot
Mary Kastner: You have a lot. Okay, so when I would recommend is that you try to get as sooner appointment with him.
Mary Kastner: Okay, if you can't come back to us for mental health treatment and stop seeing him. How long have you
Mary Kastner: Been seeing him.
Susan Vargas: A few months that I really, we don't get along at all. He just argues with me. He didn't even want to put me on antidepressants. He didn't want to change it. Even though all my doctor suggested that they change it to some balls. I had to fight him on it.
Susan Vargas: And get doctor's notes from a few doctors just for him to change it. Okay.
Mary Kastner: So what I would recommend is it, you know, you have to make a decision whether you continue to see him, or if you want us to take over that medication for you.
Susan Vargas: I'd rather you guys take over. Okay.
Mary Kastner: So what I would recommend since you have a lot of those left is that we go up to
Mary Kastner: Two of those and what time of day are you taking it.
Susan Vargas: The morning
Mary Kastner: Morning. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Do you have any side effects from it.
Mary Kastner: No. Okay. So go to two in the morning.
Susan Vargas: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Cymbalta which will be 40 milligrams
Mary Kastner: And I want to see you next Monday.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and we'll probably going to increase it again.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: What other medications are you on
Susan Vargas: Just this is just as needed natural medicine, the zero Fran.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Susan Vargas: And then I have also another natural medicine phenergan
Mary Kastner: Yeah. Both of them are needed.
Susan Vargas: Yeah yeah
Susan Vargas: And then she had my GI doctor has me on Benadryl because she said it should help with the pain that hasn't been a girl daily
Mary Kastner: Daily how much
Mary Kastner: I think it's just
The
Susan Vargas: And 25 milligrams of liquid
Mary Kastner: Okay, and she's right. It probably will help you
Mary Kastner: Okay, so I'm just gonna do a drug interaction.
Mary Kastner: Check here.
Mary Kastner: With a Benadryl
Mary Kastner: But I don't think there should be any interaction. Any other medications.
No.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: It says here that you may increase
Mary Kastner: The risk of
Mary Kastner: You know, kind of being slowed down and also
Mary Kastner: More sedated, what time day are you taking me Benadryl
Susan Vargas: And night.
Mary Kastner: Night. Okay. I think you're okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: So I will see you call back and set up that appointment for Monday.
Susan Vargas: Okay.
Mary Kastner: And we're going to increase the velocity and right now to 40 in the morning.
Mary Kastner: I'm just going to continue doing your intake here if that's okay with you.
Mary Kastner: How old is your baby.
Susan Vargas: So he'll be six months. Next.
Mary Kastner: Six months.
Mary Kastner: Okay, would you have
A boy.
Mary Kastner: And who are you living with
Susan Vargas: My boyfriend and his family.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Are you getting along well
Susan Vargas: Yeah yeah
Oh, good, good.
Mary Kastner: So you have some support and some
Susan Vargas: Help oh yeah baby a lot
Mary Kastner: Too much
Mary Kastner: Good. Okay, so we'll have about 10 minutes left before the next patient comes in and we're going to go as far as we can on the intake here. If we don't get it all done, we're going to finish it next week when I see you
Mary Kastner: Okay, are you thinking about hurting yourself or anybody else.
Mary Kastner: No. So when you say severe postpartum depression. You don't mean that you can't take care of yourself or your baby.
Susan Vargas: No, they just told me I had that because they had me fill out like a form and they score it with numbers. And I guess I work really high.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Okay, so what I have is an audit see have zero Destin at zero. You got the drug history. I'm talking a little bit to the transcription is now.
Mary Kastner: Okay, um, then you initially came to us to get on Suboxone but we've decided that's not a good idea because it's a daily medication. It's not used PRN and we don't treat pain with Suboxone
Mary Kastner: And then we found out that you have this depression that
Mary Kastner: Is most pressing problem right now.
Mary Kastner: However, when you get into a bout of chronic colitis or your gastro for reasons and your IBS and your Kronos and cyclic vomiting and now she has pancreatitis and needs to got squeezes stuck to me.
Mary Kastner: That you have such severe pain that they put you on
Mary Kastner: Pretty strong in opioids.
Mary Kastner: Yeah. And if you show up at the emergency room or wind up in the hospital. It's either morphine or delighted
Mary Kastner: Yeah but outpatient, they will put you on things like
Mary Kastner: hydrocodone
Mary Kastner: 1010 milligrams three times a day.
Mary Kastner: Are you taking any right now.
Susan Vargas: No, I haven't. In maybe two weeks.
Mary Kastner: Okay. And Susan also gives me a history that she's never taking more than prescribed she tried to stop her three time to join today of marijuana for six months and it didn't seem to
Mary Kastner: Change maneuvers symptoms. So she's continuing to do that because it takes away the nausea and the pain and increases your appetite. She has a feeding tube to where most of her nutrition is obtain and she can eat small amounts or her
Mary Kastner: Her weight is 122 and she's five foot two inches. She has a psychiatrist, Dr. Q AMP h i n who's prescribed your last two and 20
Mary Kastner: And she seemed to have a lot of difficulty getting him to go to do the locks team. So she thinks she's gonna switch her care from him to us, and she sees her office having quote severe postpartum depression with anxiety out the roof 10 out of 10 and depression today about him.
Mary Kastner: In his head. This deluxe attune treatment for a couple months and hasn't seen any improvement. Is that correct,
Mary Kastner: Correct. Okay, she's happy no side effects in the medication. So we're going to increase it to 40 milligrams in the morning and see her in a week. She also has PR in Joe Fran and Finnegan for nausea and vomiting and she takes a nightly dose of 25
Mary Kastner: Her son is now six months old and she's to continue to have these variations. How many hours of sleep at night. Are you getting
Susan Vargas: Maybe three
Mary Kastner: Oh my god.
Susan Vargas: They're just restless. Like, I can't fall asleep.
Mary Kastner: So it's you're not the baby waking you up.
Susan Vargas: Yeah, it's me.
Mary Kastner: Okay, okay, um,
Mary Kastner: May want to increase that that a Benadryl to 50 okay
Okay.
Mary Kastner: Are you having a dry mouth from that.
Susan Vargas: No. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so
Mary Kastner: getting on with our, our intake here.
Mary Kastner: I have about four minutes. Let me see if this yes she just checked in. Um, so we don't need to order any medications you have enough. You're going to call back into the front desk, make an appointment with me on Monday, and we'll finish the intake at that time. Um, do you know today's date.
Susan Vargas: 27th. A really good, good.
Mary Kastner: Is your memory.
Susan Vargas: I was in a coma. Two years ago, and since that coma. My memory has been really bad.
Mary Kastner: Outcome the coma.
Susan Vargas: I don't know that I had multiple Oregon failure. They don't know why.
Mary Kastner: Wow.
Susan Vargas: Yeah, I said the rough years
Mary Kastner: Are you allergic to anything.
Susan Vargas: All that like ampicillin amoxicillin penicillin torrid all added in Linda Meissen latex and tape.
Mary Kastner: So I would say all penicillin.
Mary Kastner: As well as those other drugs on cream cone demise and basic latex and take
Mary Kastner: Advantage of that advantage.
Susan Vargas: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Um, so are you able to get up and get showered every day.
Susan Vargas: No.
Mary Kastner: How often do you shower.
Susan Vargas: Twice a week.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: And you can do that yourself.
Susan Vargas: Yeah, have a shower chair.
Mary Kastner: And how come you're not doing that daily
Susan Vargas: I just don't have the energy for it.
Mary Kastner: Okay, very low energy
Okay.
Mary Kastner: And you read a book.
Susan Vargas: I haven't many years I want to, I love, I used to love reading that I just I can't connect with them. I can't focus
Mary Kastner: Yeah, focus and concentration or log
Susan Vargas: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: You watch TV.
Susan Vargas: I really do.
Susan Vargas: I can binge watch Netflix.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay, how's your mood right now more anxious and depressed. We've already kind of discussed that.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, um,
Mary Kastner: So you're on time. You're casually dressed. You're a mini having difficulty with focus and concentration, but can binge watch Netflix.
Mary Kastner: Functional finally she can dress and shower self she uses a shower chair, But only twice weekly because of ruining your energy level. Um, it was moderately depressed with extreme anxiety. She peers, I would say.
Mary Kastner: Younger
Mary Kastner: Let's meet
Mary Kastner: Let's hope we keep that
Mary Kastner: Dress full effect be trading volume coherent normal process appropriate for agent development normal content ever hear things see things feel people can read your mind or TV has special messages.
No.
Mary Kastner: No hallucinations or the delusions noted in today's exchange nor a mission of history of insight and self reflection on today's issues noted is adequate. Okay, um, don't want to hurt yourself don't want to hurt your baby. No.
Mary Kastner: So suicide risk assessment is low. We're going to stop today at
Mary Kastner: Before the medical history, we got a little bit of it that we can include with all your GI GI problems are new coma and you multiple organ failure, but we will continue.
Mary Kastner: With that next week when I see you on Monday.
Susan Vargas: Okay. Sounds good.
Mary Kastner: Okay. And if you have any problems between now and then you can always call in
Susan Vargas: Okay.
Mary Kastner: To the main desk and I'll get the information
Susan Vargas: Okay. Sounds good. Thank you so much.
Mary Kastner: Okay, nice to meet you, Susan.
Susan Vargas: You too. Thank you.
Susan Vargas: Bye bye.
Mary Kastner: Hello.
Mary Kastner: This is Mary and do mess. Mr. And 319 NO, I HAVE NO AUDIO Can you hear me.
iPad: Yes. Can you hear me.
Mary Kastner: Now I can hear you just fine.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: So I am Mary Kastner i'ma psychiatric nurse practitioner and what can we do for you today.
iPad: Well, I'm
iPad: gonna join this program because I'm in. I'm in a bad way.
iPad: I
iPad: Was I'm I am a chronic pain patient and I was reduced
iPad: My medicine that I was taking for over 10 years and it put me in the nose was so low. It put me into a constant state of withdraw. I have suffered one year and my health tanked. I had two strokes and
iPad: Several other minor, I guess. But anyway, it all just came to a head. This Christmas and
iPad: My son down this program and brought me to the hospital and Martinez. I was saying by Dr. Megan and Martinez and he gave me this medicine and he told me about this program.
iPad: And if this is the only way I can get enough medicine to kit. Keep you know me stable. That's what it's going to have to be, I'm afraid, but I'm, I'm looking for your pain program to join and
iPad: Hopefully I can continue to get this medicine because it's making a real difference in my life right now it's giving
iPad: Giving me back my life, you know,
iPad: I spent a whole year in bed and suffering. Like, you can't even imagine.
iPad: This okay or
You know,
iPad: Then the worst year of my life.
Mary Kastner: So how do you spell that doctor's name in my Tina's
iPad: Megan M eg a
Mary Kastner: Okay, and what's the name of the medicine.
iPad: No locks on naloxone
iPad: And
Ek
iPad: X O. M.
Okay, and what's the dose.
iPad: eight milligrams and I
iPad: Cut it up into fall for tablets two milligrams every six hours.
Mary Kastner: So you cut it in half and then in half again.
iPad: Yes, and that's good, that's a little tricky.
Mary Kastner: To take in two milligrams
Mary Kastner: Times a day. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: It's helped. What's it help with
iPad: The pain. The pain. I can't even describe how about that that pain. God, and then
iPad: These, these withdrawal symptoms. You know, I hit a brick wall every day. So they had a pain management in
iPad: Napa that I was going to had me on to 40 milligrams of oxy cotton a day and that wasn't enough, you know,
iPad: 140 milligram lasted me about three and a half hours and then I would spend the rest of the tank time
iPad: sick, sick. Sick.
iPad: Fatigue was, you know,
Mary Kastner: What's your pain from
iPad: Oh, was it isn't it from, but mainly my back. I have a big problem in my neck and I have a worse problem in my lumbar. So those are two main problems.
iPad: With my back.
iPad: You know, the surgeon told me I had the neck of a person that had multiple whiplash. I said, I've never been in a car accident in my life but and I have
iPad: Lost it disk on L for where it is gone to, I don't know, but, um, you know, it's pretty significant pain. I have no feeling in my toes. I have a lot of nerve pain in my feet and
iPad: I have a bad shoulder, of course. But, you know, those are the. Those are my main problems.
iPad: I have. Okay, you know, on and on.
Mary Kastner: What your pain right now 10 being the most pain you've ever had.
Oh,
iPad: About two, three. It's pretty good. But it gets worse in the evening usually sometimes during the day. This is not like a any medicine I've ever taken it seems to where we're really good sometimes but it wears off. And when it wears off. I start to get this symptoms of withdrawal. I get
iPad: Weak and
iPad: ringing in my ears and
iPad: Kept kind of light headed, and when I take the medicine. It makes the symptoms go away and okay
Mary Kastner: Well, you are very, very, very
Mary Kastner: What's the word
Mary Kastner: You, you, you can describe very descriptive in your language and it's very helpful.
iPad: Nice.
Mary Kastner: Yeah.
iPad: Well, not without the medicine. I tell you, it's made them very big difference. They were under medicating me and I begged them I begged them at NAP for pain for more medicine.
iPad: And they kept saying, no, not at this office you aren't gonna get that and I sold them in August. I told them unless you
iPad: Give me some something for relief from the symptoms. I'm gonna have a stroke.
iPad: And I had a stroke in September, and then I had another one in December. And so I'm at with said this is just horrible my love life. I went high had a productive.
iPad: meaningful life. And that was all ended when they reduce me below 160 milligrams of oxy cotton a day and I'm having been the same. And I'm trying to get my life back. And this has been a worst year of my life.
iPad: Honestly, to camp.
iPad: I lost my mom in June and I lost my brother in October and it's been a hard. I haven't even been able to
iPad: Give my brother a service, you know,
iPad: In his passing, because I've been so sick.
Mary Kastner: So it's hard for me to find this until dose and you spelled out what it said on the bottle.
iPad: Yeah, it's um Suboxone eight grams.
Mary Kastner: Oh, it's Suboxone you're on not no locks on
Mary Kastner: Okay, you're on Suboxone okay
Mary Kastner: And what is it a film or a pill.
Pill
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: And
Mary Kastner: It's a pill form. And what's the dosage.
iPad: Well, right now. They got me on eight mil grams two milligrams four times a day.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and it's not holding you
iPad: It's sometimes but you know
iPad: IT'S THERE ARE TIMES I'M REALLY IN VERY MUCH PAIN.
iPad: But it's may I'm making progress, big progress compared to what I was, I felt like that I was going to die out. Honestly, I, I don't think these people who are regulating this drug relay right realize
iPad: What harm, it's doing to people like me who have been on high doses. For years I was on 880 milligrams of
iPad: Know,
iPad: oxy cotton 80 milligrams four times a day for over 10 years
iPad: And I got
iPad: Cut down to 180 milligrams a day and that
Mary Kastner: My
iPad: My body can't adjust to that I tried for a year. You know, I know. I was in a constant state of withdrawal and pain for a year and the pain was unbelievable.
Mary Kastner: And you on 84 times a day for how long.
iPad: Since 2007
iPad: Over 10 years
Mary Kastner: And
iPad: It's been a horror. It's just been over nightmare and there was no medical reason for me to go off them, you know, the doctor who took me off it. He knew, you know, the problem with my blood pressure because I had had high blood pressure and but that that oxy cotton allowed me to
iPad: Eat properly exercise carry on a normal life and that helped keep my blood pressure down, you know, not in the stratosphere, but once they started reducing me my blood pressure went through the roof.
iPad: He kept reducing me, he said, kept saying, you're the only one in this practice, who is taking this much medicine and he gleefully reduced me and and then and then kick me out of the practice, you know,
Mary Kastner: It is not appropriate, and
Mary Kastner: It was OK. OK.
Mary Kastner: So let's get back
Mary Kastner: To the Suboxone and we definitely can give you 32 milligrams a day, we're not allowed by law to give over that and you would be the only one in my practice on that higher dose and that higher dose is normal for people that have pain disorder.
Mary Kastner: So I, I could do that for you. What other medications are you on
iPad: Okay, I'm aspirin, two times a day.
iPad: Nexium for my stomach once a day and
iPad: Gosh.
iPad: Oh, I have a minor
iPad: Cholesterol drug and I can't think of the name of it. That's all.
iPad: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Anything for blood pressure.
iPad: No, I. That's the other problem. I've tried for years, all the blood pressure, medicine, there is and I can't tolerate it. And it also does not bring down my blood pressure appreciably
iPad: And yeah.
Mary Kastner: That's it.
Mary Kastner: Do you have a primary care physician right now.
iPad: No, I have one, but she isn't working out for me really
Mary Kastner: Are you going to continue to see this person Martinez.
iPad: No, he's a or emergency doctor
Mary Kastner: Oh, I see. Okay. Um, so you need, you know, requirement of our program will be that you get a primary care physician and you at least have an annual physical
Mary Kastner: So think about that.
Mary Kastner: I have some blood work that I've ordered for you.
iPad: Hey, I had that
iPad: I had that done Friday.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Super. Thank you.
iPad: And I hope you get it soon, but it didn't go well.
iPad: They jacked me three times before they got another blood and I never have had to have lab work before. What would you checking for
iPad: Uh huh. What were you checking my blood for for
Mary Kastner: Um, it's general chemical panel, including for
Mary Kastner: Hepatitis and liver function because of the use of the opioids.
Mary Kastner: urine drug screen general your analysis. They also test for things like infectious diseases like syphilis.
Mary Kastner: Saw required in this program.
Mary Kastner: So I do have the results.
Mary Kastner: And what I'm seeing here is with the urine drug screen.
Mary Kastner: Negative pretty much for most of the things. There's a couple that aren't in yet.
Mary Kastner: Opiates I would think you'd be positive for but I'm
Mary Kastner: There to you're still out. Yeah.
iPad: Oh, I'm taking Suboxone, that's all.
iPad: Okay.
Mary Kastner: So they should be testing for buprenorphine.
Mary Kastner: You don't have any hepatitis.
Mary Kastner: Thank you for getting these done
Mary Kastner: Your but your blood cell count is good.
Mary Kastner: And you can get the results of these to the new primary care. So he doesn't retest you
iPad: Know,
Mary Kastner: Liver functions. Good, which is nice to know with that many years of opioid use are you constipated. Nope.
iPad: I got
Mary Kastner: That and how do you
Mary Kastner: How do you, man. How do you manage that.
iPad: Fiber
iPad: Fiber is our friend.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, cuz with opioids sometimes fiber actually goes the opposite way. So you need to pull more water into your bow and things like neural axle do that for you. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Okay, your analysis is fine.
iPad: kidney function. Did you check kidney
Mary Kastner: Function Vic. Yeah, the
Mary Kastner: kidney function is good.
iPad: Good. I'm really worried about the high blood pressure and this
iPad: You know the damage it will do to my body and I'm trying to, you know,
iPad: Take care of that with diet, you know, but I'm not doing very good, but I'm trying
Mary Kastner: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: I'm
iPad: Decent honest to god I haven't felt decent in a year, and I
iPad: Shows they're
iPad: Just sicker than you can imagine.
Mary Kastner: Know how you feeling right now. Are you feeling that way now.
iPad: No, I'm okay. I'm little
iPad: Okay, no nervous about this. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Sure, sure.
Mary Kastner: But okay. So as far as going through and getting your intake done here. I'm gonna talk a little bit to myself, but it's really
True. The transcriptionist
Mary Kastner: And you can. I'm always going to ask clarification, you can always correct me. You know, if I'm wrong.
Mary Kastner: So, uh,
Mary Kastner: Right now, how would you rate your pain 10 being worst pain you've ever had.
iPad: About two or three. It's not bad.
iPad: You know, okay.
Mary Kastner: When was your last dose of Suboxone
iPad: This morning when I got up.
iPad: At
iPad: Eight o'clock.
Mary Kastner: Okay. And when do you take the second dose to typically
iPad: Well, six hours from now, you know, from eight so about two, two and that afternoon.
Mary Kastner: Okay. And then when you take the next one.
iPad: Six hours to that.
Mary Kastner: Which was be 8pm yeah
Mary Kastner: Okay. And then, when's the last dose.
iPad: before bed. So sometimes, that is a little earlier, but no.
Mary Kastner: Time is
iPad: Between one and two in the morning. Okay you sleep more like a one.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and what time. How many hours of sleep. Are you getting a night.
iPad: Seven. And that's really improved. I can't tell you how improved. That is, I do.
iPad: That's wonderful. But all for a year. I mean,
iPad: I was so in
iPad: pain and misery.
Mary Kastner: Misery. So is it, seven hours on interrupted.
iPad: Yeah. Well, sometimes I get it good up to go pee. But I go right back to sleep.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and right right now. How do you move your rate your mood as far as anxiety 10 being the most anxious. You've ever been.
iPad: Oh, gosh.
iPad: Two or three. I'm pretty
Mary Kastner: Good. And how about depression.
Mary Kastner: Well, being the most depressed.
iPad: I'm bet better now than I was. I tell you that
Mary Kastner: Are you now.
iPad: Five, you know,
iPad: I'm okay. So we're very heading over what's to come.
Mary Kastner: You know, OK, OK. So I'm chief complaint is that you would really like to continue, you're here with us and referral from the emergency room doctor Martinez, Dr. Mega
Mary Kastner: To continue Suboxone treatment of
Mary Kastner: Eight.
Mary Kastner: Tab sublingual leaf four times a day and psychic impression you paint survey is
Mary Kastner: Two to three out of 10 today your anxiety is to three out of 10 today and five out of 10 for depression, your audit see score was zero, meaning you don't use alcohol. Is that correct,
iPad: Yes, that's correct.
Mary Kastner: And Destin was to you do go into can on and off withdrawal. Now, when's the last time you had any of those withdrawal symptoms, where you're dizzy at the ringing in your ears feel weak and fatigued.
Last
Mary Kastner: Ending
Mary Kastner: Yeah, and you struggle here for yourself.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, and that was last night.
Mary Kastner: Was the last withdraw. Yeah. Are you feeling any now. No.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay, what time last night.
iPad: Oh, about
Mary Kastner: 999 about an hour after you took the
Suboxone
iPad: Yeah yeah well
iPad: No. No, that's wrong. That's wrong.
iPad: See, I get fuzzy when I in that state, you know,
iPad: It's no
iPad: It's probably later than that round 11, I would say. Yeah.
iPad: But that till I took last night was not exactly a quarter. I have a hard time cutting them up some times they don't come out exact so was small. I remember that.
Mary Kastner: Okay, can you tell me what the dosages on each pill that you're taking
iPad: Well, should be two milligrams, but
Mary Kastner: No, I mean that the pill that you're cutting
iPad: It's eight milligrams
Mary Kastner: eight milligrams
Mm hmm.
Mary Kastner: So you're cutting that in half and then half again.
iPad: Yes, yeah.
Mary Kastner: So you're taking two milligrams in each time. That's a present. Okay.
Mary Kastner: So we need to increase that if you're having
iPad: Still have withdrawals.
Mary Kastner: Your you're not on a maximum dose. I was erroneous when I said that I was thinking you were taking the whole eight to tablet four times a day, but I forgot. You told me you were cutting them.
Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Okay, um,
Mary Kastner: So primary problem is pain.
Mary Kastner: I would say, fatigue, weakness,
Mary Kastner: There has been a period of a good year of not being able to care for yourself and being in bed.
iPad: Yes.
Mary Kastner: Pretty much all the time.
Mary Kastner: You know I'm have several including
Mary Kastner: Your brother. No.
Mary Kastner: Did you say your mother died too.
iPad: Yes. Yeah, my mother died in June and he died. No sober and I
iPad: Yeah, I have plenty
Mary Kastner: You haven't really been able to even have a service.
iPad: For know rather oh
iPad: Sure yeah at all.
Mary Kastner: Yeah. No clue. Okay so might help a little bit digging a little bit of grief therapy as well.
Mary Kastner: She also has chronic physical problems in that she has cervical and lumbar disc disease. And it sounds like
Mary Kastner: Hypertension.
Mary Kastner: uncontrolled hypertension were all meds tried to couldn't tolerate it or they didn't work.
Mary Kastner: The current medication, she's on is it aspirin twice a day Nexium for stomach some cholesterol drug which will be able to identify for us later and tell us any other medications you're on.
iPad: Think so.
iPad: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: And then you don't have a primary care physician, but I'd like for you to get one and you did get your initial labs done
Mary Kastner: How many of those tablets left. Do you have
iPad: I have five
Okay.
Mary Kastner: So what I'm going to do is you ask you to take another eight milligrams. When you take it again don't
iPad: Pill right. Mm hmm.
Mary Kastner: Um, what pharmacy. Do you go to
iPad: Okay, that's, that's a problem. So they got my son and my husband took me to the hospital. I was pretty bad shape and they got this
iPad: For me at a pharmacy.
iPad: CVS.
iPad: But
iPad: I would rather I think go, what is this Rite Aid because they've been filling my oxy cotton and they are really good.
iPad: So I'm I like to stay with them.
iPad: Writing and
iPad: On sunset Avenue and so soon, so I can give you the address if you want
Mary Kastner: Okay, yeah, let me finish getting this in and we'll get to that point.
iPad: Is this been a problem. Have you seen people like me who got brought down too much for what they've been taking and are ending up
iPad: Like this, but I, I can't find a doctor and I've seen plenty since of my stroke who understands the seriousness of what this is doing to my health.
Mary Kastner: And no, no. I think it
Mary Kastner: I think it's common. Can you give me the city for that right it again.
iPad: It says soon it's spelled S you
iPad: I S You en
iPad: Su su
Mary Kastner: Casa soon city or just
iPad: Yes. Food City.
Mary Kastner: Okay. And, you know, the zip code.
iPad: It's nine for
iPad: Let me get out my magnifier.
iPad: 94585
iPad: And it's a
iPad: 135135
iPad: Set sunset. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Okay, got it. Okay, so what I'm going to do is I'm going to ask you to to make the change it to a film, not a tablet.
iPad: Think they had problems getting that film. And that's why I got the tablets.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
If they do.
Mary Kastner: They can call and let us know.
iPad: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: So I'm going to have you take the film you how you do that is you what your mouth.
Mary Kastner: Um,
iPad: I took the film that at the hospital.
Mary Kastner: And you put it under your tongue.
iPad: Come, yeah.
Mary Kastner: You don't talk, you don't eat you don't drink.
iPad: Anything on smoke. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: until it's fully dissolved. Yeah. So at two o'clock today actually, as soon as you start feeling some kind of withdrawal thing take your full tablet under your tongue.
Mary Kastner: And let it dissolve.
Mary Kastner: And then tonight. You can actually take another tablet for you go to bed or sooner.
Mary Kastner: If you have pain or
Mary Kastner: Withdraw okay
Mary Kastner: Tomorrow, if you
Mary Kastner: Were able to get the film.
Mary Kastner: You're going to take it like that three times a day.
iPad: Three times a day.
iPad: Uh huh. OK.
Mary Kastner: OK.
And then
Mary Kastner: If you have any side effects from it. I need to know
Mary Kastner: You can call in and let us know.
Mary Kastner: We'll get to him.
iPad: Okay, just
iPad: And phone number. I am
Mary Kastner: Yeah, the main guests phone number in the message will get to me if I could see you next Monday morning.
Mary Kastner: So call back in and make an appointment for next Monday morning.
iPad: I do better with notes.
Mary Kastner: Don't we off.
iPad: You know, with the stroke effect mainly my speech, but not not my memory. Anything else I was very lucky.
iPad: They didn't even get me.
iPad: That TV didn't do just
iPad: Give me aspirin.
iPad: That's okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so it looks like my 1030 isn't coming up so we may have a little bit more time so I can finish this intake.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Um, so
Mary Kastner: Right now.
Mary Kastner: My psychic impression we just did all the scoring and what your society and whatever is do you feel like hurting yourself or anybody else.
iPad: No. No. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Have you ever had suicidal thoughts or made an attempt
iPad: No, but I wish I was dead.
iPad: This. This beer is been brutal. I can't
Mary Kastner: Think it's gonna get better.
Mary Kastner: You know Marianas going to get
Mary Kastner: Better okay so suicide risk assessment is low mental status exam. Are you able to get into the shower every day or
Mary Kastner: Your bath.
Okay.
iPad: Good cooking cooking and doing grocery shopping. That is where I'm really I I'm lucky I have two adult children living with me in that they are. Hey, here are most of the time, and they all go out and get a meal or something for me. And that's very helpful.
iPad: Because if not, I be eating oatmeal.
Mary Kastner: Yeah.
iPad: Or Tom's
Mary Kastner: Status is actually independent, then you're able to dress yourself. Yes. You said he can you focus and concentrate. Okay. Are you able to, like, read a book or
Mary Kastner: sit through a movie.
iPad: I haven't done anything other than sit for TV and drive take care of my bills but and my mom and brothers affairs. I'm still handling that but that's all you know and
iPad: I haven't done. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Step is
iPad: OK. OK.
Mary Kastner: And how's your memories. You said the stroke didn't affect
iPad: Know I'm pretty good.
Mary Kastner: I'm pretty good. Okay, good.
iPad: Typical age related but
Mary Kastner: Yeah yeah
iPad: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: And, you know, today's date.
iPad: It's the
iPad: 25th or something like that.
iPad: I might cause
Mary Kastner: How about 27th.
iPad: Oh,
Mary Kastner: You know the day of the week.
iPad: It's Monday. Monday, I know that.
Mary Kastner: Okay. And, you know, who are wonderful president is
iPad: Yeah, thank you. I have him to thank for this whole thing, but
Mary Kastner: Okay, she's oriented person play circumstance and no evidence of memory loss. Short or long term attention concentration
Mary Kastner: Appear to be normal mood and aspect. She's definitely more depressed and anxious moderately depressed in two to three anxiety.
Mary Kastner: rafters full speech rate and volume coherent and actually very clear, clear history given thought process appropriate for agent development normal content logical non tangential
Mary Kastner: I would say your, your casually dressed appropriately dressed and you are on time for the appointment very focused in the interview you up here a little bit older than your state of age, but you've been through a lot
Mary Kastner: Have you ever had any any hallucinations or delusions people putting messages into your head.
iPad: Being
Mary Kastner: Your mind or seeing or hearing. No, no.
iPad: I haven't been abducted by aliens.
iPad: Make good sense of humor.
Mary Kastner: Insight and self reflection around today's and
Mary Kastner: She's noted is adequate.
Mary Kastner: As far as past medical history.
Mary Kastner: We're going to go through some questions on that again.
Mary Kastner: My other patient is not here.
iPad: So we could
Mary Kastner: Continue continue
Mary Kastner: Ever had any head trauma.
iPad: Yeah, I think I have. I had fallen off horse couple times and
iPad: In that when I was a kid, I get GOT TRIPPED and hit my head and cracked it open about 10 years old, had to have stitches, but
iPad: No Brain, Brain Injury at that
loss of consciousness.
iPad: loss of consciousness when I fell off the
iPad: Horse almost, but not quite.
Mary Kastner: never had any seizures.
No.
Mary Kastner: And you have had two strokes. Is that correct,
iPad: To you and they said that MRI looks like I have had no couple other minor
Mary Kastner: Minor strokes and have you leftover any kind of symptoms leftover from the stroke.
iPad: Now, what we will
iPad: Yeah. What other than my speech. No, not really. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay. And I think I see your speeches again in the mental status exam very coherent, there are some, I would say a little bit of hesitation.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, what you mean. Okay. Okay. And how's your vision.
iPad: Well, I just had a full exam in November, and it was all perfect. No, my macula is clear, but but i asked started having migraines in November.
iPad: And after that I have some kind of strangeness, I don't know how to describe it in. It's so weird. But I have patterns. I see my lower vision, sometimes, and I'm
Mary Kastner: Like, I would say, How often are the migraines.
iPad: Well, they went away. Hey,
Mary Kastner: Okay. History of migraines with visual
Mary Kastner: I would say
Mary Kastner: Yes, thank you.
Mary Kastner: Any trouble with your hearing you.
Mary Kastner: Helped me out.
Mary Kastner: Well, any trouble here. Go to legs up and
iPad: Mary answer.
iPad: Oh, you did okay so might
iPad: As
iPad: Well, a little
Mary Kastner: Yeah, any trouble with your tea.
iPad: Or your mouth. Yeah, I got a lot of trouble.
iPad: Swallowing know
Mary Kastner: Anytime. Okay. So when's the last time you saw a dentist.
iPad: Oh, just a couple months ago. I've been going in. Now I've got a few teeth left and I'm trying to say. But I was going to have implants that my blood pressure was so high, I you know my oral surgeon wouldn't do it. I
Mary Kastner: Guarantee. So how many teeth you have left in your mouth.
iPad: What you can see
Mary Kastner: Okay so front teeth only in
Mary Kastner: This posture.
Mary Kastner: OK, and then how about knows any trouble with breathing.
No.
Mary Kastner: Okay, any history of having asthma.
iPad: Frequent mo. Nope. Nope.
Mary Kastner: Any cardiac problems other than the hypertension.
iPad: I'm I had been diagnosed, really long time with mitral valve. But that's all. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay, any trouble with your stomach frequent
Mary Kastner: Yeah, I see vomiting.
iPad: Girl. Good.
Mary Kastner: Okay, good. Okay, and how about urinary system.
Mary Kastner: Perfect frequent urinary tract. Okay.
iPad: No girl.
Mary Kastner: Me any female problems.
Nope.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and the arthritis, besides the back
iPad: Well, Charles
iPad: Shoulder I have torn rotator cuff in my shoulder and
iPad: Okay, arthritis me in my hands and probably what other places. I have a little bit in my head EPS and
iPad: That's all.
iPad: Good.
Mary Kastner: My feet troubles with your skin.
iPad: Just usual dry, dry ice.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay, any trouble with thyroid problems or diabetes.
Mary Kastner: In India,
iPad: I'd been checked.
iPad: Bunch of times for blood sugar and my blood sugar.
iPad: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Good any trouble with the depression that you've been diagnosed with depression or bipolar illness or any kind of site. No.
iPad: Okay, no.
Mary Kastner: Are you having headaches. Now just normal headaches.
iPad: infrequently. But yeah, probably three or four times a week. You know, they
iPad: I get
iPad: You know, a headache and
iPad: Doesn't work.
iPad: For him. Well, usually I lay down. Are you know
Mary Kastner: Okay, okay any and you've definitely had some major sleep problems.
Mary Kastner: But last night, you had how many hours of sleep.
iPad: Well, probably
Mary Kastner: 666 you told me seven on interrupted every have panic problems.
Yeah.
iPad: And I had a lot of
iPad: panicky feeling feelings. This year, and
iPad: I had a couple rough patches in my life and you know I got over them, but
Mary Kastner: History of any domestic violence in your home.
iPad: No.
iPad: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so
Mary Kastner: Now we're going to move on to the
Mary Kastner: Family History any family history of medical or psychiatric problems.
iPad: Well get, get this, I was adopt adopted at birth. Okay. And they told me you're never find your birth, Mom. Well, they didn't count on ancestry.
iPad: I
Mary Kastner: I
iPad: Found it two years ago, three years ago.
iPad: And went up to see her in 2016 she lives in Oregon.
iPad: Oh, I can't tell you it was the best
iPad: day of my life and to hold my mom for the first time, and I can't describe it, it was under scribe home but I keep in touch contact her and
iPad: She, she has congestive heart failure. Now she's at cell and her mother died of congestive heart failure. So that runs in the family and back problems run in the family too so I
iPad: But no history of
iPad: Cancer or anything like that. So,
Mary Kastner: Okay. And did you get any history about your father.
iPad: Well, there's here's the heartbreak. You know, he was live when I found her and he died before I keep contact him and I can't believe my timing, you know,
iPad: Only in the movies that does this happen this way.
iPad: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: To see habit. What did he die from
Mary Kastner: You know, I don't know.
iPad: I don't know anything.
iPad: Okay. I think he had that illness, but I don't know.
Mary Kastner: I have any history of any aunts, uncles, grandparents siblings.
Mary Kastner: medical or psychiatric history.
iPad: Okay, I have three
iPad: Brothers and a half sister, and as far as I know, just a couple of them have back problems, but
OK.
Mary Kastner: Ok, ok, Marianne, that's a beautiful story, um, any surgeries yourself.
iPad: A minor. You know, I had a bad elbow that I got six bad thumb that I kind of got decks that ok
Mary Kastner: Ok and social history. Where were you raised
iPad: Very Hayward. Okay. Mr. M zone.
Mary Kastner: And do you do you smoke cigarettes.
No.
Mary Kastner: No vapor
iPad: Know,
iPad: Or two, okay.
Mary Kastner: And no alcohol use, and no other drug use.
Mary Kastner: How many meals a day are you
Eating
iPad: To two meals.
Mary Kastner: Okay, do you think they're well rounded
iPad: Sometimes
Mary Kastner: And you see that with your two adult children. Is there a smoke.
Mary Kastner: Detector in your home.
iPad: Yes, or
iPad: No. Okay.
Mary Kastner: When you're in a car do you wear seatbelts.
Yes.
iPad: Okay. Okey dokey.
And
Mary Kastner: So you had a prescription narcotic dependence.
Mary Kastner: That we're going to be treating any legal issues.
Nope.
Mary Kastner: And you said you were raised in the Bay Area. Do you have adopted brothers and sisters
iPad: I just had the one who passed away. No.
iPad: Okay.
Mary Kastner: And what's your caffeine intake like
iPad: Oh I drink coffee. That's my
iPad: Much coffee days, oh three or four cups.
Mary Kastner: How big are the cups.
iPad: You know, regular cups, not
Mary Kastner: Be okay but
Mary Kastner: Right, so about 2024 ounces of caffeine a day.
Mary Kastner: And so did you finish high school
Mary Kastner: Yes. Okay, any education beyond that.
iPad: One year of college.
Mary Kastner: And have you worked
iPad: A little bit.
iPad: When before and after I got married, but my first foreign client came around and 1981 and I stay at home moms sense
Mary Kastner: Okay. And where's your husband now.
iPad: He's living
iPad: Yes, in Union City.
iPad: He's
iPad: Divorced. No, but kind of not legally, but we have been living together about three or four years at least.
Mary Kastner: Okay. And how's your relationship with your children.
iPad: Very good.
Mary Kastner: Okay. In the sons
iPad: Two Boys and one girl, okay.
Mary Kastner: And we're just who lives with you.
iPad: My youngest boy is
iPad: What is a 27, something like that. And my daughter, and she's 36
Mary Kastner: Okay, and then where's the other son.
iPad: He lives in San Francisco.
Mary Kastner: With his wife. And how's your relationship.
Mary Kastner: With all your children.
Real good.
iPad: Okay, good.
Mary Kastner: Okay super.
iPad: They really came to my aid when I get got sick in September and they've been no very good to me.
Mary Kastner: Um,
Mary Kastner: Are you religious at all.
iPad: Not really, okay.
Mary Kastner: And do you have any legal issues.
No.
iPad: Okay.
Mary Kastner: So moving on.
Mary Kastner: We will talk a little bit about
Mary Kastner: So have you you've had three pregnancies. Any other pregnancies.
iPad: That we didn't talk about
No. Okay.
Mary Kastner: And I imagine you're in menopause now.
iPad: Oh my goodness. Over that for long time. Okay.
Mary Kastner: And allergies you allergic any medications.
Mary Kastner: Okay, what are you allergic to
The
iPad: Planet being called quantity
Mary Kastner: Quantity.
iPad: I have a bad brash over my stomach and thighs.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Any other allergies to drugs medicines or or environmental
iPad: And they'd be dying, you know,
iPad: Okay, it
iPad: Really makes me break out to
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: But that's, I mean, you said you had
Mary Kastner: Some adverse reactions to some of the hypertensive medications.
iPad: Oh, all over him. Oh, it was horrible.
iPad: so late. They are are like taking poison to me.
iPad: Literally
iPad: Okay.
iPad: So, sir.
Mary Kastner: Uh huh.
Mary Kastner: Your blood pressure is now.
iPad: No, but I can take it up one
iPad: That would be great. Okay, hang on. I'll go get the cuff. Okay.
Just okay
iPad: OK, no problem.
iPad: Lisa
iPad: Appointments rate.
Mary Kastner: Yeah. And have you checked your blood pressure. My chair with
iPad: Dr.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, or
Mary Kastner: Even a even a drugstore monitor would work.
iPad: Yeah, it's fairly know and this cup and
iPad: I heard that these risks one aren't real accurate, but it's pretty accurate it's good enough. This it, it tells me
iPad: When it's high, you know,
Mary Kastner: Yeah, you know, you know, you want to have your arm kind of elevated on a
Mary Kastner: Table.
You know,
Mary Kastner: So that is about it heart level.
But
iPad: It's pretty close. And I keep keep the batteries refresh so
iPad: It starts getting really wacky when the batteries get low
iPad: Hi. I don't think how I
iPad: Try
iPad: I'll try. Oh, other
iPad: Arm
iPad: I know that
iPad: Sometimes really high. And I know that, isn't that high. So I take my am
Mary Kastner: Yeah.
iPad: Very high
Mary Kastner: Very high
Mary Kastner: Are you have you drank very much water today.
iPad: To 1800 or no, it's not.
Mary Kastner: Shoe 18 over 104
Mary Kastner: And what do you get for pulse.
iPad: 68
Mary Kastner: Okay.
iPad: I don't
Mary Kastner: Know, keep taking it through the day. If it, if it doesn't get down lower. You're gonna need to go to the emergency
iPad: That's not gonna happen.
iPad: I'm already been that
Mary Kastner: How tall are you, Marianne.
One.
Mary Kastner: And how much do you weigh
iPad: About 123
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Are you having any medical concerns right now runny nose, filling feverish
Mary Kastner: Know, having trouble breathing.
No.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: So all systems reviewed as negative constitutional
Mary Kastner: You're not feeling any fever, night sweats chills cold intolerance fatigue. Are you having some fatigue.
iPad: Little bit, but I'm
iPad: Not
iPad: I I hit a brick wall every day for a year.
iPad: And then afternoon when my pill work or off and I couldn't do anything until I had another pill and then, you know, I had one more, you know, and
Mary Kastner: Looking back on track.
Mary Kastner: And I hope I
Hope.
Mary Kastner: I hope back you know to more activity because that'll course lower your blood pressure.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, having any chest pain or
Mary Kastner: Palpitations, nope.
Mary Kastner: Okay, any swelling in any of your extremities. No.
Mary Kastner: Hmm. And when you go to sleep at night. Is it hard to catch your breath.
Mary Kastner: Do you have to have your head raised. Okey.
Okey dokey.
iPad: But I
Mary Kastner: Know, we're about ready to wrap up here.
iPad: Oh, really want to tell you I've had very severe hot flashes all year with this whole thing, you know.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, that's what draw. Yeah.
iPad: Definitely and
Mary Kastner: Okay.
iPad: That that was a first symptom. I know when the medicine wore off.
Mary Kastner: I know huh
iPad: Yeah, hot flash
iPad: You know,
Mary Kastner: We're not going to allow that medicine to wear off. OK.
Mary Kastner: So my assessment is opioid use disorder.
Mary Kastner: I would say moderate
Mary Kastner: I'ma say opioid dependence moderate I'm
iPad: Like I said, and
Mary Kastner: So I would say resultant persistent depressive disorder.
iPad: When you know my life is been destroyed, you know, destroy
iPad: Anything.
iPad: And I'm just so I
Mary Kastner: Say, I would say mood.
Mary Kastner: Mood related
Mary Kastner: To medical medical conditions.
iPad: affecting me
And
iPad: Then I worry every day if is this going to be the morning or
iPad: Yesterday, yeah.
iPad: I'm gonna have a young age group and kill ya know, okay.
Mary Kastner: We're okay so let's leave it at that. Those two just
Mary Kastner: disassociate diagnoses chronic pain would be number one opioid dependence moderate and medical condition affecting mood.
Mary Kastner: Meaning anxiety and depression.
Mary Kastner: So the plan is the film eight milligrams of buprenorphine two milligrams in the locks on
Mary Kastner: Three times a day.
Mary Kastner: We do have a pain and not a pain group, but a
Mary Kastner: Substance use disorder group you're welcome to try it.
Mary Kastner: I don't know that you're going to fit in, because you're more into use just order because of
Mary Kastner: Chronic pain.
Mary Kastner: It's a four o'clock on Mondays, you call in about 345 and they would tell you what room number to
Mary Kastner: Get in.
Mary Kastner: You can just see if you like it.
Mary Kastner: Otherwise I would say next Monday, I would like to see you. So when you call back in, get the money and morning appointment with me.
Mary Kastner: And he will make a plan, how often we're going to see you, because we're not quite at a certain maintenance dose for you on this.
Song.
Mary Kastner: So right now, we're saying you're going to be at
Mary Kastner: Today, you're going to be taking 16 milligrams
iPad: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Take a whole tablet.
Mary Kastner: When you start feeling something like draw don't take that third tablet that night and unless you really do feel pain withdraw.
iPad: Just a half or something like that.
Mary Kastner: Because you took two milligrams this morning. If you really are feeling pain withdrawal at that time. Take it, take the whole tablet.
Mary Kastner: In the morning. We're going to start with three times a day.
iPad: Okay, and now, when can I pick up the new
Mary Kastner: You can call I've called it in at the beginning of this session. So
Mary Kastner: You'll just have to call a pharmacy seem to
Mary Kastner: See when it will be ready.
Mary Kastner: Okay, does that make sense to you for sure. I'm going to see you Monday morning.
iPad: All right, I call for you.
Mary Kastner: To try a group if you
Mary Kastner: Choose to
Mary Kastner: And you've got the plan for the medicine and I would really like to see you get a primary care physician appointment to follow up on your blood pressure. There's gotta be something they can do even if it's just a diuretic.
iPad: I've been through this and I, like I said, I've tried them all and nothing, nothing is effects.
iPad: You know, but
Mary Kastner: Yeah, that also
Mary Kastner: Realize that
Mary Kastner: As we get your pain control and you're not having withdraw, you're gonna get more active.
iPad: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: And as you get more active.
Mary Kastner: That will lower your blood pressure.
iPad: Yeah yeah
iPad: The other thing is
iPad: Honestly, I've got some really good low numbers. This
Mary Kastner: You continue to monitor it. Yeah. Anytime you have those beginning symptoms of a stroke.
Mary Kastner: Yeah. Oh, you have chest pain or palpitations you hi tell it to the emergency room.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, okay. Okay, nice to meet you. Marianne and
iPad: I'll thank you. See you.
Mary Kastner: Next Monday morning.
Mary Kastner: If you make your point. Okay.
iPad: Thank you very much for your time. I appreciate so much
iPad: You're welcome. Somebody who understands you know
There's
iPad: It's been grueling trying to get this emergency doctors are any doctor to understand that I have been in withdrawal for a year and my pain doctors. You know what they said to me, Oh withdrawals don't well last any more than a few days.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, I'm sorry that you got some inhumane treatment.
iPad: Boy. All right.
Mary Kastner: We're gonna help you and we're going to go from today forward. Okay, don't, don't look back. Okay. Okay.
iPad: Okay.
Mary Kastner: You take care Marianne.
iPad: You too. Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Mary Kastner: Okay, I'm just going to pause the recording because I have one more patient to listen to norio at 1130 I was expecting Marcia Van Brunt but at 1030 but it was nice to be able to actually finish an intake.
Mary Kastner: Any questions give me an email. Thank you very much.
Talyssa: Cuttings it may be because we're on the phone.
Mary Kastner: So this is to Lissa Tenorio and Marvin 3169 we're starting at about
Mary Kastner: 1130 and
Mary Kastner: You were okay until
Mary Kastner: I got on the line. I got a little me
Talyssa: Yeah, when
Mary Kastner: You're taken to a day.
Talyssa: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: And this is the know locked Suboxone filmmaker to
Talyssa: Yes.
Mary Kastner: And how you feeling
Talyssa: So when I because we were supposed to switch to the tablets. So I went to Walgreens. And they, it was ready and everything. And when I went, she started to explain every time, how to take it and I just let them and stuff.
Talyssa: And she. It was the film still. And so that was a we. It was a little bit of confusion. They're like, No, this is all we have on file. And I'm like, Are you sure because that's fine. Of course, but
Talyssa: We were supposed to, you know, switch or whatever. And so they said, come back in like two hours they said they called your office and that was that that was the plan so they gave the tablets instead
Talyssa: But they are literally. They are like, this big. They're. They're huge. I was like, gagging and I didn't tell anything like
Talyssa: Tell my mom or anyone. So I was just like in here trying to like let it dissolve and they were huge. So I'm so glad they gave the films as well because I switched back to the films like that night. Oops, got in my hair.
Talyssa: Because the tablets are literally I couldn't do it. And so it kind of came out and I was like trying to relax myself and I tried to put it back.
Talyssa: They were this thick and it says on there's don't break down or cut them or anything so that one just didn't work out but
Talyssa: Do you remember how like I had to pay and everything and the insurance was like an issue they when they gave these ones, I guess, I guess that was only the case for the generic ones. So since they gave the actual Suboxone the, the real, the real manufactured ones, they were being
Mary Kastner: buprenorphine.
Talyssa: Yeah, those
Mary Kastner: Are being without the
Talyssa: naloxone
Mary Kastner: Yeah, the templates. I
Talyssa: Had to pay for. But when I first got there, they said that the films were ready. And so that's what I first picked up those ones were just free. I guess when they run it through the real ones, not the generic it my insurance covers. So it all kind of worked out a little better. I think
Mary Kastner: Okay. Okay, so what is your insurance covering the tablet or the film.
Talyssa: The film, the real the actual one, not the generic
Talyssa: I feel like the long. I know. And they didn't even tell me until this is the second time I paid and then the Torah form and we've just been, I've been going back and forth with them. I guess they knew all along.
Talyssa: So that's what they finally but every time I go I talked to someone else and they kind of like say something else and they have like a different
Talyssa: Kind of like, get it personality. Yeah. Like, either they don't know or it's like I have to re explain it, but that's fine. Now that it's the third I think that was the set. Oh, the second time.
Talyssa: So this will be the third, um, they're starting to like know me and recognize me and know about the history of the chart and stuff. So it's been getting a little easier.
Mary Kastner: What tell me the reason we switched to the tablet.
Talyssa: Was it was because my stomach.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, did not have been the locks on and sometimes people can tolerate that better.
Mary Kastner: Or you know tolerating the film.
Talyssa: Yeah, especially the generic ones.
Talyssa: I'm not saying they're different, but I think they're a little bit because the actual Suboxone ones. It doesn't feel like really anything and they dissolve like
Talyssa: Way fast. Yeah.
Talyssa: Why, yeah.
Mary Kastner: Why you prefer this
Talyssa: Film
Yeah, and
Mary Kastner: So you're not getting the nausea with the film.
Talyssa: No, no, not pretty much all week, unless it was only a body getting used to it, but
Mary Kastner: I'm thinking
Talyssa: Okay, so
Mary Kastner: It was an initial side effect that went away. So tell me what the bottle of the film says as far as
Mary Kastner: The name of the medications.
Talyssa: Right here.
Talyssa: Paper for the other one too. So I could actually see
Talyssa: Oh, it's just called Suboxone but the generic one. It says buprenorphine slash naloxone as the actual type name and then the actual one is actually called Suboxone
Mary Kastner: Which one
Mary Kastner: Which one do you like better.
Talyssa: Um, the actual, the one that they they gave that was free. It's an actual
Talyssa: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: So does a bottle on that say Suboxone
Talyssa: Yeah, it says actual word and then the generic one. It says buprenorphine. It just says ingredients, basically.
Mary Kastner: Yeah yeah
Mary Kastner: You can also telling. You're telling me you want the Suboxone
Talyssa: I would if I could, yeah okay um
Mary Kastner: How many you have left.
Talyssa: I think
Talyssa: I think two or three
Talyssa: Oh my elbow.
Talyssa: Oh no, like, six.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so you have three days left
Talyssa: Oops.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, so I'm gonna be in group on
Talyssa: On Wednesday, okay.
Mary Kastner: So we'll
Talyssa: We'll have you start group on
Monday.
Mary Kastner: Unless you're planning on coming tonight.
Talyssa: I'm sorry. Can you say that again I popped my headphone now.
Mary Kastner: Were you planning on coming to group tonight or
Talyssa: I could
Mary Kastner: Or do you want to start next week. Oh.
Talyssa: I could I could do it today.
Talyssa: Okay.
You come back like oh
Mary Kastner: Yeah, you know you not unlike my room you call into the front desk and they'll give you the room number
Okay.
Mary Kastner: So I'm going to fill it.
Mary Kastner: Since I'll be in group next week, you're only going to need four days.
Mary Kastner: Because you have three days left
Mary Kastner: Does that make sense.
Talyssa: Yeah yeah
Mary Kastner: And then I'll fit.
Mary Kastner: And then I'll fill it next week when I'm in group as well.
Talyssa: Okay, okay, because I
Mary Kastner: Think next week is February already right
Talyssa: Yeah, I think Saturday is the first
Talyssa: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: So I'm going to wind up going to be in group tonight, and then I'll be there in the third
Mary Kastner: Okay, so I can fill it in. So I'll just fill it this week.
Mary Kastner: And it's warm Walgreens at Blossom hill.
Hmm.
Mary Kastner: So you couldn't
Talyssa: This
Huge
Mary Kastner: Large
View buprenorphine.
Mary Kastner: Tablet
Mary Kastner: Sub languidly
Mary Kastner: And found
Mary Kastner: Suboxone
Mary Kastner: She could
Mary Kastner: Tolerate
Mary Kastner: Now without nausea.
Mary Kastner: And it is covered
Talyssa: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so, because they're going to say, well, we just gave you these buprenorphine. I'm not going to give you any more. So
Mary Kastner: I don't
Mary Kastner: I didn't there. Okay, so what you need to do.
Mary Kastner: With the pills is a
Talyssa: Oh, I took a man
Talyssa: They say there's like, it looks like a mailbox type
Mary Kastner: It's like for you. Yeah.
Talyssa: For you.
Mary Kastner: Thank you for not flushing them down the toilet. We don't need to
Mary Kastner: You know,
Yeah.
Mary Kastner: We don't need to cause any pollution to our water system so
Mary Kastner: Thank you so much for doing that very responsible
Mary Kastner: So all you have now in your possession or three strips.
You don't have any
Talyssa: Any pair six
Talyssa: Yeah.
Talyssa: Five days three days. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, okay. And you're keeping them up from the kids.
Talyssa: Oh yeah, that's why I had to like to go out to get to them right now.
Mary Kastner: And I'm kindness in for four days. So what's your mood like today.
Talyssa: Um, it's been better. I noticed this week this past week. Well, because like the first week it was like a party. We were like celebrating guy was kind of in denial still like I couldn't believe it, but now it's more like realistic.
Talyssa: Since I feel so good. Like my life doesn't match it yet, like now I have all this free time. I don't have to worry we have so much more money.
Talyssa: We're spending like four or 500 a week just for online for pills like
Talyssa: So we've been trying to take the kids out more and stuff. And it's been going so good, but now I'm trying to figure out, like, do I want to go back to school. Do I want to get a draw. Do I want to work in MY MOM'S HOME daycare or, you know, so it's been a lot of like
Talyssa: Planning thinking a little bit more anxiety. Just because now I'm almost bored. Like you wake up. I keep cleaning everything
Talyssa: So now it's been just like
Talyssa: How I feel like some waiting for something. I don't know. It's hard to explain but like I'm finally
Talyssa: Free from my body and I can just get up and go
Talyssa: It's
Mary Kastner: Really nice not to have the golden handcuffs, isn't it.
Talyssa: Yeah, seriously.
Talyssa: It's a prison.
Mary Kastner: But yeah yeah and can
Mary Kastner: You imagine spending that kind
Mary Kastner: Of money.
Mary Kastner: And then having the response and
Talyssa: It was
Talyssa: Never Enough. Mm hmm.
Mary Kastner: Then we had
Talyssa: Yeah.
Ever enough
Talyssa: Wow.
Mary Kastner: Did I go over your lab results. The last time I was
Mary Kastner: Yeah, yeah. Okay, so I'll just make sure that I've signed off on them. Nothing else is come in.
Mary Kastner: Now that buprenorphine level was
Talyssa: I don't think I was, I don't think I had the prescription
Talyssa: It was negative women.
Oh yeah, I don't think I'm
Mary Kastner: Okay, so they're going to be doing urine drug screens are going to send you one a month.
Mary Kastner: And we're gonna want to see is no obvious but yes buprenorphine.
Talyssa: Oh yeah, it'll, it'll be in there.
Mary Kastner: And
Mary Kastner: And I already talked to you about the happy, right.
Yeah.
Talyssa: If I am going vaccines for that.
Talyssa: When I was a teenager.
Talyssa: Could that no okay cuz I don't remember.
Mary Kastner: I'm pretty sure you had
Mary Kastner: Reactive you had reactive am be so there is effects.
Mary Kastner: Or non reactive antigen. So there is a vaccine. Now for happy and it's a series of
Mary Kastner: Three. So when you see your primary care you need to tell them you had no antigen for be but it was positive, it was reactive. Okay.
Talyssa: Write that down, actually, because
Mary Kastner: You had a reactive for a and b.
Mary Kastner: But you had no antigen
Would be
Mary Kastner: It's a series of three, I believe, vaccines.
Talyssa: Reactive for be but no and managing
Mary Kastner: A
Mary Kastner: They didn't test for the image and
Mary Kastner: So it tells me
Mary Kastner: That you had an exposure, probably through something some food handling someplace.
Talyssa: Huh. Okay.
Talyssa: Yeah, I'll tell them I told them from what I could recall, but I didn't pressure say that
Can you had
Mary Kastner: You have a bit of blood in your urine. I don't know if you run your man sees when they took that and there were some bacteria. So it may want to check you for urinary tract infection.
Talyssa: T
Talyssa: Um, I don't remember. Actually, I was so sick. I was like, out of my mind. But, um, yeah.
Talyssa: Yeah, because I did recently have it, but I don't know what I'll just tell them anyways it's not gonna hurt.
Mary Kastner: Yeah yeah
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Pain today. What's your pain level.
Talyssa: I'm like a three, but I've been up and cleaning and going on.
Talyssa: So, it changed soreness, but it's good.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and how about anxiety.
Talyssa: For the whole week I guess a for
Talyssa: What I am like a professional. I like calling myself like I'm a big picture person so like I i it's been good, even though I do have. Okay. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: About right now.
Talyssa: I'm like a six. But just because I feel like we're talking and I don't want to mess anything up and I'm trying to remember everything and
Mary Kastner: You know mess anything up here in our
Mary Kastner: Level.
Talyssa: Nothing, nothing.
Talyssa: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Like a zero. The, why are you having any withdrawal symptoms. Now,
Mary Kastner: No. Okay super. And today's date is what
Talyssa: Oh, the 27th. I think
Talyssa: Okay, Johnny.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, she's on time very well groomed. You're such an
Mary Kastner: attractive woman you have
Lovely.
Mary Kastner: lovely guy Makeup, makeup, they'll be skin.
Mary Kastner: You're able to dress.
Mary Kastner: Functionally, and bade by yourself, independent cognitive is oriented. How about memory.
Talyssa: Yeah, good.
Mary Kastner: In you're able
Mary Kastner: To
Mary Kastner: Read a book and
Talyssa: Console. Yeah.
Focus.
Talyssa: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Just a second. I gotta let them know I got somebody coming in here. No, I did not expect
Talyssa: Let's I have it written
Mary Kastner: Down and I didn't see it. Oh, I see.
Mary Kastner: Okay, yeah, I did. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Can you hold on just second
Mary Kastner: Hi, Marcia, I have somebody on the line right now. Can you guys call back in, or just wait another 10 or five even about done.
Mary Kastner: Did you hear me.
Mary Kastner: Bill Marsha
you're muted.
Mary Kastner: you're muted right now.
Mary Kastner: Your audio is muted.
Mary Kastner: That. Okay, there we go. Can you call back in and another 10 I'm finishing up with somebody
Bill: Can better
Mary Kastner: Yeah. Mm hmm.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Okay. Thank you.
Mary Kastner: Bye Bye bye.
Mary Kastner: Okay, I'm sorry to me.
Mary Kastner: Cuz I'm so you said you're okay with reading and
Mary Kastner: Oh yeah so concentration and memory. We're good.
Mary Kastner: Oh yeah I'm mood and aspect full
Mary Kastner: I won't say normal
You thought a
Mary Kastner: Little bit anxious anxiety.
Mary Kastner: Speech rate volume coherent normal compresses appropriate rage and development normal content logical non tangential negotiations or delusions noted in insight and self reflection on today's issues noted is adequate.
Mary Kastner: Um, can you take your pulse for me.
Talyssa: Yeah, let me i'm i'm just going to go to my timer really quick. Okay.
Talyssa: It was 20. Exactly. So I think that's
A
Talyssa: Yeah.
Talyssa: We're 20
Talyssa: Seconds. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: You did okay at Okay super. And no withdrawal symptoms.
Mary Kastner: Know. Hey, um,
Mary Kastner: Any physical problems that you're concerned about any any cold or flu.
Mary Kastner: ation
Talyssa: A little bit. I've noticed, but I don't think it's a problem. I just noticed it, it is more that way than just the normal
Talyssa: Yeah, I don't know. I don't think it's the problem right now because I know sometimes it could like hurt or be couple days, but it's I just noticed it is more towards that than normal, but it's not really okay
Mary Kastner: Okay, well, if it gets to be more like, you know, three days.
Mary Kastner: Then you're going to need to take
Mary Kastner: Something
Mary Kastner: Okay try something like citrus cell would you can get over the counter or mirror Laxmi relax may give you a tiny bit of cramping. So I would take a quarter.
Talyssa: To half
Mary Kastner: Teaspoon in
Talyssa: Like a down to
Mary Kastner: Even four ounces of water with maybe a quarter to a half a teaspoon a mirror lags because I'm opioids tend to constipated.
Talyssa: The last time we want
Mary Kastner: Bow obstruction.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Okey dokey. So the diagnosis continues to be
Mary Kastner: opioid dependence and
Mary Kastner: I was saying it was was severe
Mary Kastner: And now we're treating doing well with treating it with an agonist. Our objective is abstinence, there has been no use. Correct.
Talyssa: No, then you know us
Mary Kastner: Nothing about craving.
Talyssa: And even talked to them.
Talyssa: I'm not craving that I just noticed. Like sometimes like I realized like, Something's missing, like, or I forgot something. Or I think I'm getting used to it. More lifestyle wise but It disgusts me so no craving or what do you, what do you mean by that, like I just
Mary Kastner: I would say
Mary Kastner: It drains your thoughts of going to get
Oh,
Talyssa: Ok ok ok super
Mary Kastner: And how the fibromyalgia is kinda controlled because you're not
Talyssa: Painful Yeah Okay super.
Mary Kastner: So diagnoses and the objective is low, no cravings.
Comfort
Mary Kastner: And
Mary Kastner: Abstinence and we're meeting all of those objectives suicide thoughts.
Talyssa: Nothing even in the category.
Mary Kastner: Okay and suicide risk assessment remains low. So I would say we're going to keep you on this buprenorphine. How long were you using the pain meds six or seven years trying to
Yeah.
Talyssa: 37
Mary Kastner: Yeah, terrible
Mary Kastner: I would like to keep you on it buprenorphine for a good nine months and then we can talk about
Talyssa: Tabor okay
Mary Kastner: Okay, and you've gotten your labs, they will continue to send you a urine drug screen test in the mail and they'll
Mary Kastner: Take the directions for that you will check into group about 15 minutes early.
Mary Kastner: From funding.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, so then you do a survey. And I don't know, to tell you the truth, how often you do that survey, maybe each time.
Mary Kastner: Okay. And then I think the urine drug screen is
Monthly
Talyssa: Okay, well that's
Talyssa: Good.
Mary Kastner: I won't see you independently for an individual appointment, you'll be seeing me in group at once a month.
Talyssa: Okay.
Mary Kastner: There will be occasional groups. I'll be in a month that I'll be in twice but
Mary Kastner: I believe next month. It's once a month.
Mary Kastner: I'll be in the group tonight and I'll be in next Monday. And then I refilled. Like I said earlier, for four days and
Mary Kastner: I'll refill again on Monday.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so any questions for me.
Talyssa: Um no I but I so I make an appointment for a one on one, also for next Monday.
Talyssa: No.
Talyssa: No, you. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Can you see me in group.
Talyssa: Okay, so let's
Talyssa: Say, just at 4pm
Talyssa: Right, okay.
Mary Kastner: Just so if you want to
Mary Kastner: If you want to send you some today. You don't need to come to group tonight, but you're so
Talyssa: Welcome to
Mary Kastner: Meet the other people and meet the therapist and
Mary Kastner: I think the from what I'm hearing from you that you're going to be going through a little bit of an adjustment disorder.
Mary Kastner: Um, so I wouldn't say disorder process. This
Talyssa: Yeah, just
Mary Kastner: Like
Mary Kastner: Like my life, you know, what am I going to do. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, so
Talyssa: If
Mary Kastner: You know, if, if there's any way of sharing that burden and talking about that a little bit in group you're welcome to do
Mary Kastner: Okay, okay.
Mary Kastner: So nice to see. Okay.
Talyssa: Okay, see you next time. Okay, bye.
Mary Kastner: Bye bye.
Mary Kastner: Hello, we were almost on time. I think I probably could have just kept you in the waiting room.
Bill: Or you could have kept me in the waiting room.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, instead of making you call
Mary Kastner: Back in so next time just waited a little bit and I'll be on
Mary Kastner: I just didn't want you to give up and hang up, you know. Oh.
Bill: Yeah, okay.
Mary Kastner: So, how you doing,
Bill: I'm all right, my mornings are still not good. I don't have good mornings, for some reason.
Bill: I don't know if it's
Bill: From the medication or
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Some mornings are not good, meaning
Mary Kastner: Meaning what
Bill: I'm just real anxious real anxious in the morning, not okay, you know, not after a while, but
Bill: Yeah, when I first get up in our
Mary Kastner: Stuff. What do you do
Mary Kastner: What do you do when you first get
Bill: mad at me when I tell you, I'm not gonna tell you
Mary Kastner: I don't get mad at my patients.
Bill: Know what I'm only being silly. Today's my
Birthday.
Mary Kastner: So what number
Bill: Oh, do you really want to know.
Bill: 7676 on the chart.
Mary Kastner: Yeah. Yes. So that's a that's on the downside of 70 so
Mary Kastner: You're on the new downside. Not very far on the downside.
Do
Awful.
Bill: I get up and
Bill: I go fix me a bowl super real. And then I take my pill and then I get in the chair and try to relax because I'm anxious, that's my story.
Mary Kastner: And how long does it take you to relax.
Bill: These two hours sometimes longer.
Bill: Sometimes, yeah, but I haven't had I been getting out this week. Oh.
Mary Kastner: Good, good.
Bill: My granddaughter, good my hair.
Bill: We, we were always gone to her anyway. She's
Bill: She runs a beauty school in Danville.
Mary Kastner: And so you went to her place.
Bill: We went to her house. She does it better. How
Bill: Else. Did we do
Bill: Lunch went to lunch. We went to lunch couple, a couple of times, we went to lunch. Yes.
Mary Kastner: You're getting better. Marcia
Mary Kastner: Do you realize that wicked.
Bill: Yeah. Well, I wouldn't have done any of that before. No. On Saturday, we were gone. What about but then we went to our younger daughters, because she's moving into another house.
Bill: And so we went out there. Yeah. And we stayed for about five hours.
Bill: OK. And then, so I've been out every single
Bill: Day.
Bill: per couple yeah yeah yeah
Mary Kastner: That's wonderful. That's wonderful. So your main complaint from what I'm getting is the morning
Bill: Yeah, I'm really, I'm morning
Mary Kastner: So you
Mary Kastner: Know, correct me if I'm wrong. I don't know.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, when you're sitting in the chair. There are you trying to calm yourself or you're watching some TV or reading. No, no. Just, just staying in the chair.
Bill: Yeah, trying to put thoughts in my mind.
Bill: Try to relax just
Relax.
Bill: Yeah, but
Mary Kastner: Morning. Good. And are you using any other relaxation techniques in the workbook.
Bill: No.
Mary Kastner: I don't know. I think Bill said he couldn't find that anxiety phobia workbook, but he got a different one.
Uh huh.
Mary Kastner: Take a look at that book every day. Okay, try to do one of those exercises. Okay.
Mary Kastner: So, correct me if I'm wrong. This is what I have for medicine, you're on the risk per dollar, which is a half milligram tablet and you're taking to it bedtime.
Bill: Yes, yes.
Mary Kastner: And then you're still on the Alabama, which again is a half a milligram tablet, you're taking one at bedtime and half in the morning.
Bill: You know, I got that all messed up because last week. I thought you said that you wanted me to
Bill: Night and
Bill: One in the morning, so
Mary Kastner: Yeah, that's the way I've been doing it and
Mary Kastner: Show us the new
Bill: Corruption and then it says just opposite on there. So I wanted to talk to you first.
Mary Kastner: You know, I agree.
Bill: I think we
Mary Kastner: I think we got the wrong directions on there, I think.
Mary Kastner: You're right. I think one it in the morning and half the time.
Bill: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Do you want to write that on the bottle.
Bill: Yeah yeah
Mary Kastner: And I apologize. I apologize for that.
Bill: That's all right. Okay.
Mary Kastner: And then you continue, I think you're Lexapro.
Bill: Yes. Okay.
Which is
Mary Kastner: 20 milligram. Yes. So, um, what's your depression level like today.
Bill: I don't know.
Bill: I don't know. I mean it. It's not as bad as it was
Bill: It was
Okay.
Bill: Between one and 10
Mary Kastner: Yeah yeah
Mary Kastner: You only said one last time No, actually, you said eight out of 10 last time.
Mary Kastner: That was pretty high. I don't think you're that high today, are you
Bill: Don't seem to be no okay
Mary Kastner: Okay, and how about the anxiety right now.
Bill: Not as bad as it was when I first started
Mary Kastner: Mm hmm.
Bill: Little nervous little anxious, this always get anxious when I have to go do something or talk to, you know,
Mary Kastner: Talk to you or. Mm hmm.
Bill: Like yesterday, I knew I was going to go to our granddaughters and I really got myself. And then I started coming down and saying, hey,
Mary Kastner: Every day. Do that one of those exercises in the book. Okay, until you don't even have to look at the book. You can just get yourself into the exercise. Remember, so where would you rate your anxiety today. What's the number
I'd say probably
Bill: Well, right now it was higher. But right now, probably about
Mary Kastner: Six.
Mary Kastner: Okay, right, and any physical pain.
Mary Kastner: No. And how many, how many hours of sleep did you get last night.
Bill: Probably about seven
Mary Kastner: Seven hours gets very good. What time do you go to bed.
Mary Kastner: Oh, I don't know. It was like after nine or something like that. Good.
Mary Kastner: Good. That's extended in and what time do you get up today.
Bill: I
Bill: Was around. I got up at around six
Mary Kastner: Six.
Mary Kastner: Okay. So you went to bed, could you get right to sleep when you went to bed.
Bill: Know my husband's from yours. So I didn't go
Mary Kastner: Well, you're gonna have to get
Mary Kastner: Me before him.
Bill: Told that
Mary Kastner: He may be need to be tested for sleep apnea. That might improve your life 100%
you snore.
Mary Kastner: snore, and our whole married life.
Mary Kastner: So how, how, how long does it take you to get to sleep. Once you get in bed.
Bill: Well, sometimes it doesn't take like sometimes it doesn't take long at all 1520 minutes
Mary Kastner: And other times it takes an hour.
Mary Kastner: Okay, yeah.
Bill: I find if I if I
Bill: When I go out somewhere. I have a hard time when I get back. Like if it's at night.
Bill: Sleep.
Mary Kastner: fallen asleep. Okay.
Mary Kastner: What time you're all keto yeah you're not eating too late. Are you going to bed with a full stomach.
Bill: No.
Bill: We don't eat like we call it later.
Mary Kastner: In between, yeah. Okay, good.
Bill: But I'm not gonna say that happens all the time. But we don't usually eat too late at night number. We have a little snack. I will. Weight Watchers.
Mary Kastner: Logistical uh huh where we're
Bill: At you know
Bill: Well, not right before we go to bed, though.
Mm hmm.
Mary Kastner: So are you on Weight Watchers. Are you just using that as your snack. Okay.
Mary Kastner: I
Bill: Used to go to Weight Watchers. Uh huh. Uh huh. No, no I yeah I use that as my snack.
Bill: Real rich, you know,
Mary Kastner: Right. Right. And how's your appetite.
Bill: It's fine. Good.
Mary Kastner: Did you notice any side effects from the, from the Risperdal
Bill: Well, I don't know.
Mary Kastner: No one usual
Today,
That
Mary Kastner: Yeah, that that higher doses at higher doses. But one thing that we might do is go up to three of those half a milligram pills. So that's 1.5
Mary Kastner: Milligrams at bedtime, to see if that early morning anxiety is any better.
Mary Kastner: And then keep doing the ad event like you're doing one in the morning and half at night.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: And remember your exercises in your book. Okay.
Um,
Bill: Well, that's what I was kind of thinking
Bill: Maybe that's why I get so anxious and stuff. Because when I wake up, maybe it is from those pills.
Mary Kastner: No, you were
Mary Kastner: You're having that from beforehand.
Mary Kastner: That's been your main complaint all along. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Tell me, do you have very many of those Risperdal left. Do you need to refill.
Bill: Thank you.
Bill: Are you said last time you were going to put in, we get more of those, you said last time you were going to put in
Bill: That's where as a fan. We got 45 of those
Mary Kastner: Aha.
Bill: Put in last time you got those did we
Bill: Know he's gonna go check and see how many we have.
Mary Kastner: Okay, of the Risperdal. It looks like I put in an order for respite on the 13th of January.
Bill: One day, wasn't it. Oh.
Mary Kastner: 13th 13th of January.
Bill: I didn't. Okay, that's the one I'm using now I think
Mary Kastner: Yeah, and I want to know how many you have left.
Bill: Yeah, he went to. He went to get it.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and then we'll find out because we if we increase to three half milligrams, then what I if you if I refill it. I could give you a milligram. And then you could take one and a half of those instead of taking three half milligrams makes sense.
Bill: Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah, let's see. I don't know how many for sure. Okay.
Mary Kastner: What's today's date today.
Bill: January 23 you
Mary Kastner: Know that because you're
Mary Kastner: Okay and focusing concentration any better.
Mary Kastner: Than before
Mary Kastner: Are you able to read a book.
Mary Kastner: Now, or
Mary Kastner: Something happened. I lost your video.
Yeah, I think that
Bill: Oh, I see that. Are you there. Are you there now.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, I'm here, I can see you now.
Bill: Yeah, okay. I don't know what that was.
Bill: One.
Mary Kastner: Okay. There's how many left bill.
Bill: Oh, oh, oh.
Bill: There's a refill on it.
Mary Kastner: Okay, but how many pills are in the bottle.
Mary Kastner: Oh, it's full. Okay, so then we're not going to refill it.
Bill: No, no, there's only 12 pills left
Bill: And there's refill on it.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Okay. So then how about
Mary Kastner: If you just experiment in
Mary Kastner: Pills at bedtime.
Mary Kastner: That's only going to give you four days.
Mary Kastner: With the 12 left
Mary Kastner: And then you can call in and tell us how that's working for you.
Mary Kastner: If it's changed that early morning anxiety.
Mary Kastner: Because you would need a refill before I see you again next week.
Mary Kastner: If it's working for you, then I would call in the refill of a one milligram tablet, instead of having you refill this existing prescription. I would have a call in a one milligram that you would take one and a half at night, rather than three. Okay.
Bill: Or were you just all into would
Mary Kastner: You call into the front desk and tell them to give Marissa message that the three half milligrams in bed time improved or the symptoms in the morning or it stayed the same.
Bill: Okay. All right. And if it stayed the same. They
Mary Kastner: Stayed the same. Then just go ahead, back to the to at bedtime and refill that bottle.
Mary Kastner: Okay, make sense. Yeah, okay, good.
Mary Kastner: Okey dokey. So are you able to read a book or focus on a TV show or focus on TV. Pretty good. Okay, okay. No.
Bill: Okay. So, depends on what's on. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Okay so functional independence oriented.
Mary Kastner: Able to focus and concentrate on TV shows mood is still slightly depressed and anxious, but improved aspect is full, you were on time well groomed.
Mary Kastner: Appeared stated age, even though I think you look younger, younger than stated age speech rate and volume coherent and normal thought process appropriate and are you still having that kind of out of body like you're looking at yourself from outside here. Yeah, still sometimes
Bill: Not as bad, but yeah.
Mary Kastner: depersonalization has improved and that's good. And I think that's a Risperdal. That's great. Now,
Mary Kastner: Inside of the that
Mary Kastner: That it's a major tranquilizer.
Mary Kastner: Just like you know, remember I told you the minor tranquilizers like advantage are addictive majors or not. So it will help with the anxiety, but not be addicted.
Mary Kastner: Insight and self reflection issues noted is adequate. How about you feeling fine physically any symptoms of cold or flu or trouble breathing any heart problems.
Mary Kastner: No NOTHING NEW ONE AND ALSO SAYS reviewed is normal. OK, so the specific phobia, you still thinking that maybe you're not gonna live till the end of the year.
Mary Kastner: Dad's gonna happen. Still some thoughts, but you're not. Are you having them as frequently
Bill: I'm having a lot today because it's my birthday.
Mary Kastner: Today, today, is it
Bill: No.
Symptoms.
Mary Kastner: Visit this the the thoughts lesson generalized anxiety disorder worse in the morning. Morning, so there's a diurnal variation of anxiety objective would be that we would get that anxious feeling down below five at least
Mary Kastner: Yeah, however, panic disorder with Al Gore phobia has greatly increase in that you've gone out quite a bit. This week I'm just
Mary Kastner: Thinking about that.
Mary Kastner: Yeah yeah and suicide risk assessment remains the low. So our plan is to increase the risk for doll.
Mary Kastner: To 1.5 milligrams at bedtime. So that for you would be three of the half a milligram tablets you to call in before you run out of those to tell me if that's doing anything. So we know where we're going to go ahead and do
Mary Kastner: You would call in, I would say maybe in three days say tell me you know my morning anxieties better or the same
Mary Kastner: It fits better. I'm going to call in a new prescription that you will take one and a half taps instead of three of the little ones can you
Mary Kastner: Say that again.
Bill: He wants to know if you can let them.
Bill: Know, yes I have. I don't think he can
Mary Kastner: Because they really tiny. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: But Bill. If you prefer not to cut them. I would say just tell Mary, you know, not to refill on a new will just refill the existing and you continue with three small ones at bedtime. If you prefer not to cut them. That's totally your choice.
Bill: Well, they're not
Bill: Realizing over hard. Yeah, they're hard coded as you wander.
Oh,
Mary Kastner: Yeah, typically the tablet of the restored. All you cut but that's a good good thought, maybe it's more of a pain. Take to cut it than it is to take three small and so
Mary Kastner: You want to just scratch that plan and take three small ones and then we'll talk on Monday.
Mary Kastner: Does that make sense. Yeah, okay. You don't need to worry about a new prescription, but you're going to have to refill that one because you, it seems like you only have four days left. If you increase the dose to three.
Mary Kastner: So I'm going to have to let the pharmacy, you know,
Mary Kastner: Because they'll say you're refilling too early.
Mary Kastner: So you're probably going to have to call me anyway.
Mary Kastner: Don't make sense.
Mary Kastner: Since last week. Yeah, we started that
Yeah.
Bill: Was
Bill: No.
Mary Kastner: Dude, dude, I'm thinking I'm gonna have to call in a new one anyway because they're gonna say you have you know that you're taking. You're an early refill.
Mary Kastner: So let's do that. Let me call it in at one and a half asked him to give you a pill cutter. Do you have a pill cutter.
Mary Kastner: We do. Okay.
Mary Kastner: If you don't, you know, you could ask the pharmacist when you pick it up. Are these easy to cut
Mary Kastner: And if she says, or he says no will then tell them you prefer to get three of the half milligrams
Mary Kastner: A day
Mary Kastner: You can make that decision.
Mary Kastner: Pharmacist, you know, as long as he has the correct dosing
Mary Kastner: That's all he needs which I'm going to call. I'm going to put in the correct dosing right now.
Bill: Why could be here. He didn't
Bill: Care. I'm getting confused on changing the original. You said you were going to turn it around.
Mary Kastner: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Well, I
Mary Kastner: I forgot the original prescription said something different than what you're doing. So I have to call it in anyway.
Mary Kastner: So we're gonna go ahead and refill it.
Mary Kastner: With with you, cutting it one and a half. But when you go pick it up Bill asked them if it's easy to collect
Mary Kastner: Well, the new ones will be different.
They'll be a little bigger.
Mary Kastner: Oh, yeah.
Mary Kastner: And you can ask him, tell him that you prefer to not have to cut them and he'll change.
Mary Kastner: The dosage for you.
Mary Kastner: And then the other meds are staying the same.
Bill: Yeah. Okay. Okay.
Bill: Take three what you have now until oh call in three days and let him know help the situation. I don't think we're gonna call her.
Mary Kastner: And you don't you don't even have to call now.
Mary Kastner: Because I realized I have to change the medicine. Anyway, yeah.
Bill: Okay.
Bill: It doesn't do any good. In the morning is increasing.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, because, because it's gonna take a little
Mary Kastner: Time to tell actually
Bill: Well, no, I was gonna say that a few minutes ago to
Bill: Do the
Bill: Right away, or does it take
Mary Kastner: Oh I typically it takes about six weeks to tell
Bill: But I maybe I should just stay on the two
Bill: Yeah, about a week.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, another
Mary Kastner: Another week. Yeah.
What do you think
Bill: What do you think yeah I
Mary Kastner: Would like to see
Bill: Better morning
Mary Kastner: I would like to see you have quicker relief, so it's not going to hurt to go up to one and a half, I would like to see change it. Now, typically is the anti depressants, it takes six weeks. It should take less
Bill: And what do you mean by left
Mary Kastner: In less time for us know
Bill: I know improvement. Yeah.
Bill: How much less because that's what he gets upset about. He said, your mornings aren't any better.
Mary Kastner: Well, yeah, yeah.
Mary Kastner: Back anything. Yeah.
Bill: It depends on the morning. Yeah, well, like today, it's my birthday. You know, I'm really nervous and anxious because I have gone to meet them for dinner. The family.
Bill: And I'm really keyed up about that, you know,
Bill: I just, I don't want them to. I mean, they all know that I'm having problems, but
Bill: I don't want you know i just i feel funny I and he keeps saying you shouldn't feel funny. Those are your kids and your grandkids and, you know, and did I tell you, I'm going to be a great grandma.
Mary Kastner: You did. And you know, when I would be celebrating it so much.
Bill: Well, we have to. Yeah.
Bill: Well, yeah, yeah.
Mary Kastner: I'm not even a grandmother yet so I'm I think it's fabulous. So feel this is what I'm saying to the to the pharmacist and he can make that decision for you. I'm saying one milligram at bedtime. One milligram world tablet to take one and a half at bedtime.
Mary Kastner: And then I'm saying, please feel at 0.5 milligrams three tabs at bedtime. If the one milligram is hard to cut at one and a half at that time.
Mary Kastner: OK. OK. So I'll let him make that decision for you. And that way, it takes all that discussion part out of the way for you.
Mary Kastner: So I called in that and you're okay and your lorazepam because I did that last time. How are you doing on the Lexapro, that should be
Bill: Plenty.
Of money okay
Mary Kastner: Okey dokey.
Mary Kastner: Happy super birthday.
Bill: Okay, thank you.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, and and like I said, I'm thinking you're
Mary Kastner: On one of the diagnoses that we are looking at your symptoms of much improved.
Mary Kastner: And we're, we're almost there on the anxiety I want it below five
Mary Kastner: And we're almost there.
Bill: Here in the morning. It's not below five I think
Bill: We're getting better.
Mary Kastner: But we we really want you to start doing some non pill kind of therapy why by doing those exercises in the book. OK.
Mary Kastner: OK, OK. And now if you don't feel like you need to see me weekly, you can certainly come every other week. It's totally up to you.
Bill: I don't know. I mean other than changing the medication.
Mm hmm.
Mary Kastner: Um, why don't you come next week.
Mary Kastner: And we'll see if the change in the medicine did anything. And we'll make that decision.
Mary Kastner: At that time,
Mary Kastner: To maybe come every other week.
Mary Kastner: Does that sound okay to you.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
You're
Mary Kastner: Okay, yeah, but come next week and we'll make that decision.
Mary Kastner: Okay, you have a great day.
Bill: On that again. All right. Bye bye.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Bye bye.